The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean Album: The Carnival Song: Apocalypse Typed by: OHHLA.com Intro: Yeah, I was looking out my window when I heard this sound look up into the sky saw the moon turned to blood looked at my little brother said, "you high as hell maaan" Chorus: Apocalypse.. 1,2 the headlines youths just rolled through Apocalypse.. 3,4 solder, 100 horsemen at your door Apocalypse.. 5,6 you wanted dead or alive, hit or miss We we y'all, yeah, we we y'all Verse One: Arrival of the Carnival New beats, I never recycle While your looking for samples You might get trampled Surprise, hey I'm back with lightning and thunder I heard you over saying that I was a one year wonder You dumb or some, I went to refugees Silly felony, when I'm done Collect royalty from record company's Clouds getting darker Suns getting nearer I'll turn a atheist into a god fearing believer The back of a building Your body's found by children Playin' hide go seek All we found was his skeleton In the back of a car You spawned with the wrong guard You know my empire strikes back hard Listen hard, war This is the day after action Projects, cannons Being launched at the palace Vision, revelation Sky know apocalypse Enemy pilots kamikaze into the abyss Chorus: Apocalypse.. 1,2 the headlines youths just rolled through Apocalypse.. 3,4 solder, 100 horsemen at your door Apocalypse.. 5,6 you wanted dead or alive, hit or miss We we y'all, yeah, we we y'all, yeah, we we y'all Verse Two: Aiyyo, Back on earth The party is in the tunnel On the west side of the river Went mad quiver Rats get fed to the alligator Gun blast equivalent to the bombs in pearl harbor Rescue choppers broke the turn to hiroshima I'm driving to jersey to escape the terror I was on the highway pushing a black viper A car pulls up, is he a jack or a sniper (sniper) A blue range rover, he says pull over I didn't know he was a DT undercover I screamed out my lungs This is discrimination! He tried, he said you just robbed a gas station Who me? not me! it couldn't be I was in the Grammys with Brandy Didn't you see me on tv? Bullshit, y'all all in the same game He tried to run me off the road Like he was Roscoe P. Coltrane I stayed calm, gave him a hell of a show Cause when its time to go All i gotta press is turbo Heard it on his walkie, road block on 280 west Things got serious, that's when i bust a left U-Turn, my eyes burned My concern was a truck coming Head on collision within a chase position Close one, i almost went up in a blaze Running from what appears to be a masquerade Least that what i thought, it was all in my mind Reality stuck when i got to the borderline The headline reads every ghettos sad story A rookie shoots a boy over mistaken identity... (crash) Chorus repeat (2X) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ Lauryn Hill Album: The Carnival Song: Guantanamera Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash {S} indicates the actual words in spanish {T} indicates the translation into english --- {S}	Hola! Soy Celia Cruz {T}	(Hi! I am Celia Cruz) {S}	Y estoy aqui con Wyclef, celebrando Carnival; Azucar!!) {T}	(And I'm here with Wyclef celebrating Carnival; Azucar!!) [singing]	Guantanamera [Wyclef]	We out here in Miami just shining [singing]	Guajila, Guantanamera [Wyclef]	Worldwide [singing]	Guan-tana-mera [Wyclef]	Bout to bring it to you in stereo [singing]	Guajila voy, de na meda 		Yo soy un hombre sincero [Wyclef]	That was then, this is now 		Welcome to the Carnival, the arrival... c'mon! [singing]	De donde crecen las palmas [Wyclef Jean] Spanish Harlem!			Oahh-eee-ohh! Boogie Down Bronx!		Oahh-eee-ohh! Manhattan!			Oahh-eee-ohh! Back to Staten!			Oahh-eee-ohh! [Wyclef sings, then raps] Guantanamera 	Hey yo I'm standing at the bar with a, Cuban cigar Guajila, Guantanamera 	Hey, yo, I think she's eyeing me from afar Guan-tana-mera... Guajila Guan-tana-mera... Verse One: Wyclef Jean Yo, I wrote this in Haiti, overlooking Cuba I asked her what's her name, she said, 'Guantanamera' Remind me of an old latin song, my uncle used to play On his old forty-five when he used to be alive She went from a young girl, to a grown woman Like a Virgin, so she sex with no average mahn Peep the figure, move like a caterpillar Fly like a butterfly, let your soul feel her glide Pac Woman better yet Space Invader If your name was Chun-Li, we'd be playin Street Fighter Penny for your thoughts, a nickel for your kiss A dime if you tell me that you love me Chorus: Guantanamera 	Hey yo, I'm standin at the bar with a, Cuban cigar Guajila, Guantanamera 	Yo, I think she's eyeing me from afar Guan-tana-mera... Guajila Guan-tana-mera... [singing in Spanish, with Wyclef responses] {S}	Soy una mujer, sincera {T}	(I am a sincere woman) Do you speak English? {S}	De donde crecen las palmas {T}	(From where the palm tree grows) Can I buy you a drink? {S}	Soy una mujer, sincera {T}	(I am a sincere woman) Uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh {S}	De donde creeeeeeecen las palmas {T}	(From where the palm tree grows) You killin me {S}	Y antes de morir, yo quiero {T}	(And before I die, I want to) .. {S}	cantar mis versos del alma {T}	(sing the verses in my heart) Te quiero mama, te quiero!! Guantanamera 	Aiyyo I'm standing at the bar with a, Cuban cigar Guajila, Guantanamera 	Hey yo John Forte, she's eyeing me from far Guan-tana-mera... Guajila Guan-tana-mera Verse Two: Lauryn Hill Yo, she was a rose in Spanish Harlem, mamacita beg your pardon Make stakes at a faster rate then she fornicates Pure traits of genius, Goddess of Black Venus Crab niggaz angry cause they can't get between us to no sele-xion, smooth complex-ion The lexicon of Lexington, parents came from Cuba Part Mexican, pure sweet, dimes fell to her feet She like Movado, and shook her hips like Delgado And broke niggaz down from the Grounds to Apollo and then some, she took her act sent it to dim sum And waited patiently while the businessmen come Call late on purpose, got even politicians nervous And made plans to infiltrate the street secret service This gentle flower, fertility was her power Sweet persona, Venus Flytrap primadonna Que sera que sera she turned dinero to dinera [Wyclef responds to singing again] Guantanamera 	Hey yo I'm standing at the bar with a, Cuban cigar Guajila Guantanamera 	Hey yo... I think she's eyein me from afar Guan-tana-mera... Guajila Guan-tana-mera... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean Album: The Carnival	 Song: Pablo Diablo (Interlude) Lawyer: Your honor, I would like to call my first witness to the stand. All the way from East L.A., your honor, Pablo Diablo.  Pablo: Hey! Guantana mira. Hey, my lovin' is for everyone, man. Do you know it reminds me of the summertime in the bungalows of Spain, all night in the park. Eh, you would hear your music. It would be on the eighth floor, but the pongos they reach up there, man! We used to keep the whole neighborhood up. (Singing) Guantanamara! Lawyer: Thank you, Pablo, for nothing. Jesus Christ, what a moron. No further questions, your honor. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean Album: The Carnival Song: Bubblegoose Intro: (1st half sung, 2nd half spoken) When I was young, Mama played a guitar A microphone and she said I'd go far She said, "Just keep all the lyrics hardcore" Listen to my talk and get up, I'm on the corner with my... Hey kids, gather around, it's Wyclef and Melky Sedeck I got a story to tell, heeeeeeere we go Chorus: (sung) Sit right back and hear a tale of a hustler 'round my way He used to clock around the block from where my grandma stayed Black BMW with rims to match, windows bulletproof One night, he jumped out the car and caught a bullet in his bubblegoose He caught a bullet in his bubblegoose He caught a bullet in his bubblegoose You can be at the party gettin' loose But you can catch a bullet in your bubblegoose Verse 1: Hey yo, hey yo, my pen's in my hand, what should I write next? Oh yeah, and if you don't know, success brings stress I'm vexed, my phone rings, collect call from Jeff The operator say, "If you accept, say yes" "Yes, what's the deal, son?" "Yo, I got bad news" Yo, by the tone of his voice, I heard the ill street blues "The friends will make you, then too can break you They plan an execution like Fu Man Chu" "Who?" "You know the character from channel 5 kung-fu (wahoo)" "Slow down, man, Jeff, I'm losin' you" "Hey yo, your cousin Rohann..." "Uh-huh" "Who used to sell bang" "Uh-huh" "DT's found his hand in the back of Binnigans..." "What?" "In a plastic bag with a note attached" "Saying what?" "A million and a half or he won't be back" "So meet me by the Brooklyn Bridge, 12:00 sharp" "If not, at the funeral, you gotta play the harp" Yo, why they wanna start and make me play my part? Don't they know like Sting, I can turn this murder into art? I jumped into my car, there's gotta be a joke Traffic's backed up, who's in town, the Pope? S-s-s-s-someone blew the horn, I turned and looked left To my surprise, it was my sis, Melky Sedeck Repeat chorus Verse 2: You're shootin' in the opposite position I'm thiniin', "Should I fire or hold back on ammunition On your wig transition?" My mission, like Take 6, is to spread love But all you screwed mugs got me wearin' black gloves You up in my face, I see the fear in your eyes You wanna feel the pain like a grown man gettin' circumcised Shalom, shalom, pardon my left But my right hand's on your throat, massaging you to death You provoke the cycle, call Michael You're lookin' in the mirror, well, I'm in your window, oh oh You hear me Urkel, your blood will turn purple Like the colour, you holler, ballin' for your mother No-one hears you even though you knock You used to walk around the block with the daily rock Things done changed since your spark got hot Now you got your knot wocked with your very own glock Chorus 2: Sit right back and hear a tale of a hustler 'round my way He used to clock around the block from where my grandma stayed Black BMW with rims to match, windows bulletproof One night, he jumped out the car and caught a bullet in his bubblegoose He caught a bullet in his bubblegoose He caught a bullet in his bubblegoose You can be witcha girl gettin' loose But you can catch a bullet in your goose He caught a bullet in his bubblegoose He caught a bullet in his bubblegoose You can be at the party gettin' loose But you can catch a bullet in your goose The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean Album: The Carnival Song: To All the Girls Intro: Yo, Wyclef, It's time that I confess (Refugee Camp) to all the girls (Don't do it, don't do it) *singing* To all the girls I loved before *rapping* To all the girls I cheated on before *singing* To all the girls I loved before * Verse 1 To all the girls I cheated on before, I tip my hat like Willie Nelson You got pressure, take a sip of this Molson Here's what happened, it wasn't my intentions To fall into seduction while playing a temptation I thought I had it figured out, but games don't last The hourglass ran out, I got sprayed with the tear gas Big men don't cry, hold my feelings inside Stress brings me ?, I gotta hold my pride When I see you with another guy, jealous thoughts of homicide Call me selfish when I say Abraham has many wives You say this is the 90's, either it's gonna be me or her I found myself in a blur Lookin' into the clouds thinkin' out loud "I'm in love with two women, who is it gonna be now?" Chorus: To all the girls I cheated on before, it's a new year I got a new change of gear, I swear I can see clear now the clouds disappeared You forgive but never forget, so the past reappears, uh huh To all the girls I cheated on before, it's a new year I got a new change of gear, I swear I can see clear now the clouds disappeared You forgive, but you still think that I'm a ho Verse 2: Second verse is gonna hurt, based on a true life story I got married at 24 in New Jersey You know the feelings start nature take it's course Two years later 'Clef gets a divorce When I had the cold feet, I shouldn't've walked the altar With Dionne Warwick, she could predict my future Went with my feelings even though it wasn't right Creepin' with my secret lover in the middle of the night Back home, break of dawn, dinner's at the table Thin Line Between Love And Hate is on cable I'm lookin' at myself thinkin' out loud "I'm in love with two women, who is it gonna be now?" Repeat chorus Break: (includes elements from Rapper's Delight) Hotel, (I'm not a) motel, Holiday Inn (you don't believe me though) And if your girl acts up at the carnival, then you take her friend  Hotel, (I'm not a) motel, Holiday Inn (you don't believe me though) And if your girl acts up at the carnival, then you snatch her friend Break it down right here Verse 3: One love, you're lucky to have one love It sounds bugged, drinking wine from the same jug One heart, one mind, one soul She ain't a gold digger, she don't care about your bank-roll Keep your money, she make her own cheddar All she want from me is respect like Aretha Cooked me lasagne, stayed in for the winter Chilled to the summer, now I'm gone 'til November Have you seen her? I think I did But what I did wrong was take a love for granted Cause first comes trust, don't rush into lust Easier said than done, I lust and I must Passion is a must, but then we start to cuss We was just makin' love, now we tearing up each other's guts Like species, she called me an animal So feel the tongue of the warm-blooded mammal Repeat chorus Outro: I'm not a ho (repeat and dimminuendo at the same time) (You don't believe me though) I know you're diggin' this Is it OK if I play my guitar right about now, is it alright? (You don't believe me though) Alright (you don't believe me though), alright People in the back, is it OK if I play my guitar right about now? Alright, alright, alright, alright People on the side, is it OK if I play my guitar right about now? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean Album: The Carnival Song: Anything Can Happen Intro: I got the skully to my face (hardcore) I got the skully to my face (hardcore) cause anything can happen at the Carnival (Yo make room, make room, make room, MAKE ROOM, make room) You can't stop the shining Yo, don't slip Mike You don't want to go there is all, trust me I know your girl wit you, but you don't want to get embarassed Trust me Chorus: Yo, when you're rolling to the Carnival, anything can happen What, what, say what, say what, anything can happen Making love to your girlfriend, anything can happen What? Say what, say what, anything can happen She's sleepin wit your best friend cause anything can happen Wh-a-at? Say what, say what, anything can happen You roll down the block, come back with your gat and POW, cause anything can happen Verse One: Feel this composition, it's a brand new dub First thing I did, was went to the pub Tequila with worm, lemon, salt, and no rocks Cause when it hits my chest -- it gots to be hot Uh haha, stop, 'Clef can I rock, yo Get out the bathroom, let me go again from the top Feel this composition, I wrote it in the tub First thing I did, was went to the pub Tequila with worm, lemon, salt, and no rocks Cause when it hits my chest -- it gots to be hot Ahhh, stop, 'Clef can I rock I'd like to give a shout out to my people on the block For you Silly Willy playin thug cartoon My infrared scope got your movements on zoom Boom new toon, write songs in my room Sleeping with the bride, even though I ain't the groom Your husband assume, come back with his goons Put me in the trunk on your way to your honeymoon Radio my platoon, Wyclef to Sev' 'I hear them playing Elvis, they on they way to Graceland But they don't scare me, I'm in the trunk, I ain't sorry Natural born killer, who slept with the enemy' Think quick, what should I do, what did double-oh-seven do? I pulled a bomb from my shoe (hahahahaha) And exploded the trunk (blaooww) I woke up half drunk Over looked by a bunch of gypsies wit a bag of skunk Chorus: You got the skully to your face, star, anything can happen What, what, say what, say what, anything can happen Sellin crack in the corner, man, anything can happen What? Say what, say what anything can happen I just got laid off, anything can happen What, what, say what, say what, anything can happen You don't wanna go there, cause anything can happen What, what, say what, say what, anything can happen Verse Two: Aiyyo, anything can happen, you can't stop the shining You lookin at my watch, but my mind's really the diamond Nine to the Seven, you better off steppin When I'm writin with my pen, it turns into a lethal weapon (Ding!) Take this lesson, to your next session I suggest, you practice with the freshman Sophomore, junior, then come check the senior By then I would have graduated from the school of ruckus Wyclef and Jerry Wonder, last of the producers If the royalty ain't right, I put a call to Donny Eina But always stay humble went from bummy to neat Cause money break groups up like the Five Heartbeats Don't get souped cause you, pushin a Coupe Next year you on foot, runnin from a lawsuit For example, I know I'm nice, I don't front it Least anticipated, to the most wanted Yeah, that's me in the spotlight With a mic and a guitar, like M.O.P., I like it raw Chorus: Yo, when you're rollin to the Carnival, anything can happen What, what, say what, say what, anything can happen Every man got disciples, anything can happen What, what, say what, say what, anything can happen Its all about survival man, anything can happen  Hah, say what, say what, anything can happen You lookin at me wrong, man, anything can happen What, what, say what, say what, anything can happen Will the Knicks win the championship this year? Say what, say what, anything can happen Will we find some peace of mind this year? Say what, say what, anything can happen You ready for the revolution this year? Say what, say what, anything can happen Will you make love with no condom this year? No no, no no, that will never happen The record is not over yet The record is not over yet The record is not over yet Where the ladies at? Put yo' hands in the air! And for the ladies, we won't play you If you proud, shake what yo mama gave you, hey! Whether your fat or slim, bubble your ting Fellas if you need help, use ginseng And for the ladies, we won't play you If you fat, shake what yo mama gave you, hey! Whether your fat or slim, bubble your ting ReFugee thugs hang at the roller rink Roller skatin baby Carnival (Make room, for the Carnival, make room) And it don't, nine-seven to infinity Rest in Peace, Rest in Peace And the record is not over yet, the record is not over yet It is not, the record (fades out) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean Album: The Carnival Song: Gone 'Til November Intro: (spoken) I dedicate this record, "The Carnival" to all you brothers takin' long  trips down south, Virginia, Baltimore, all around the world, and your girl gets this message that you ain't comin' back. She's sittin' back in the room, the lights are off, she's cryin', and then my voice comes in POW!, in the middle of the night, and this is what I told her for you Chorus: (sung) Every time I make a run, girl, you turn around and cry I ask myself why, oh why See, you must understand, I can't work a 9 to 5 So I'll be gone 'til November Said I'll be gone 'til November, I'll be gone 'til November Yo, tell my girl, yo, I'll be gone 'til November I'll be gone 'til November, I'll be gone 'til November Yo, tell my girl, yo, I'll be gone 'til November January, February, March, April, May I see you cryin', but girl, I can't stay I'll be gone 'til November, I'll be gone 'til November And give a kiss to my mother Verse 1: (sung) When I come back, there'll be no need to clock I'll have enough money to buy out blocks Tell my brother, "Go to school in September" So he won't mess up in summer school in the summer Tell my cousin, Jerry, wear his condom If you don't wear condom, you'll see a red lump Woh oh oh oh You sucker MC's, you got no flow I heard your style, you're s-o s-o Repeat chorus Verse 2: (rap) I had to flip nuttin' and turn it into somethin' Hip-hop turns to the future rock when I smash a punk (BING!) Commit treason, then I'll have a reason to hunt you down It's only right, it's rappin' season Yeah, you with the loud voice, posin' like you're top choice Your voice, I'll make a hearse out of your Rolls Royce Besides, I got my girl to remember And I'll commit it that I'll be back in November Repeat chorus I know the hustle's hard, but we gotta enterprise, the carnival The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean Album: The Carnival Song: Words of Wisdom (Interlude) Wyclef: Hello, boys and girls. Welcome, to Wyclef Words of Wisdom. Have you ever been sitting in your house at two o'clock in the morning  and you get a mysterious phone call from a girl that you don't know?	(A female begins talking sexy) Now, hold on, think with your mind and not with your pistol. Cause if you invite her over this is what might happen: Rape! Rape! Rape! Rape! Rape! Rape! 			(What the... Yo, yo, yo...shit!) Rape! Rape! Rape! Rape!  Rape! Rape! Cop: Freeze! Put your hands in the air! Wyclef: Officer, you don't understand. She called me. I was sleeping. I was minding my business. Cop: I don't give a flying fuck about two bits about a piss. You're fuckin' guilty.			(Yes, yes) Wyclef: Nobody's protected. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ Lauryn Hill Album: The Carnival Song: Year Of The Dragon Typed by: nelly@itis.com Intro: (sirens) Yo yes yes yo. Lock your door. Die die die (x6) Wyclef: I remember comin' from Hati growin' up in Brooklyn On Flat Bush got my first sneakers tooken Learn the game quick so I got my first device Mom move to Jersey so we could get a better life But little did she know a ghetto is a ghetto  Good time found myself like Jimmy Walker sayin' "Cello" Lauryn: Yellow cheese bus gettin' beatings if I cuss Lay away another day in stripped Lees and letegrays But the lyrical bomber momma tried to stop Paranoid cause this boy around my neighborhood got shot Name plate hair straight metal braces on my teeth Fat laces on my feet when crack first hits the streets Wyclef: I use to push up on a girl Salt 'N' Peppa Push It Push It D's in school cause the music was my focus Jokes in class but when I learned I didn't pass  I knew it was my ass with my mothers leather lash Belt buckle said Nelly Nel similar to Melle Mel  Hits the third rail Beat Street made Gazzels sells Lauryn: As the tale gets poetic watch the streets turn magnetic Towanna Balley's rape is alleged Hang out in hooky places watch streets corners turn to oasis Young men aspire to be Scarfaces Hook: In the year of the dragon lots of men disappear Quiet as it's kept they won't be around next year Wyclef talking: Yo yo watch out for the black van. Yo yo (last days last days) planes exploding yo close your door yo nobody's safe. Halloween. October 31. Yo close your door yo kids are disappearing. Yo Wyclef: Late at night the light was bright on the ave I went to pick up cash from my cousin little Kev He told me Joe had a dream in jail he got steamed His wife became a fiend fuckin' little Raheim Damn, drugs will make you do terrible things He told me when he get out he's murdering by any means The day came I saw him on the train  He pulled his gun and aimed and started firing like the son of Kane I saw civilians runnin' for their life  Like the devil on judgement night running from Christ Ice and Armarretto please as I fell to my knees Being shot by Fergusin the vigilante Hook Wyclef talking: So CNN nawhatI'msayin? Fergusin is at court and he's his own lawyer youknowmean what's goin' on. Talk to me. This is definatly the last days. Jewish calendar has already arrived the year 2000. Watch ya back watch ya back watch ya back DIE DIE DIE DIE Lauryn: Clef it kind of remind me of this chick I once knew Use to be a dime now she's strung out in Bellevue See the serpent played tricks run game like the Knicks Build you up just to lose the championship. I seen her reminisce over Wu-Tang could It Be that Simple  She lost her Prince cause there were Thieves In the Temple Tragic depression made her lose all her teeth Lost and turned out gave her body to the streets Sweet Mary don't you weep  Still water runs deep  So be carful of the company you keep Hook Wyclef talking: Yo I'm frustrated youknowhatI'mean? Use to work at McDonalds just got fired. If I get in I'm sprayin' everybody the boss the manager yo these are definatly the last days. Yo here he comes with his gun yo duck duck. Black Panther yo nobody's protected. Yo 6-6-6 watch your back don't get caught in the rapture yo AIDS, Moses the plaque watch your back. Pharoh let my people go. Yo watch your back. Last days. Last days. Nobody's protected. Yo my little sister is Rosey Sharen. Yo yo nobody's protected. Not even Rosey Sharen. Nobody's protected. Yo you come try to get my sister I'm a get you first. I'm a be driving a hearse. Cause nobody's protected. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean w/ Lauryn Hill Album: Carnival Song: Sang Fezi (Chorus)  Ki ayisien kap di'm map mache New-York san fezi  (Which haitian says i walk in New-York without a gun) Mwen di ou messie nou menti (I tell you man y'all lying) Lè bum yo ginbe ou yo devore ou se lè ou mouri police vini (When the bum catches you they eat you up it's when you die the police comes) Mwen di ou messie nou menti  (I tell you man y'all lying) Penden'm kanpe sou flatbush mwen wouè on police ap vini  (While standing on flatbush i saw the a cop comin') Li di mwen map vann dròg  (He said i'm selling drug) mwen di mon chè ou menti  (I told man you're lying) Li vin pou'l vin cheke'm mwen di mwen pa gen anyen (He came to check me out i told him i had nothing) Se nan yon ti bal mwen tapwal la pou' cheke on ti zen (I was going to a party to check the 411) Big up big up phantom mwen renmen tabou combo (Big up big up phantom (haitian band) i like tabou combo (another band)  Se sak fè depwim nan bal la mwen mande kote moun yo (That's if i'm in the bal i ask where's the poeple) Timtim bwa sèk mwen couri lèm ouvri pòt (Timtim bwa sèk (creole salute) i ran to open the door) Nan yon cimitiè pase mwen wouè on tèt san kòk (In a cemetery cause i saw i head without a rooster) A b c d f g si`ou vlé batay se danje (A b c d f g) if you wanna fight it's danger Mem si ou kon jwé foutbol dènié gòl lan sé pou pélé (Even if could play soccer the last goal if for pele (brazilian soccer player) Pa jouré manmam, manmam sé kréol  (Don't diss my mom, my mom is creole) Fesi'm se bousòl (My gun guides me) Kompa'm se lakol (My direction sticks) Original ayisieeennnn kwa dè boukèèèè (Original haitian Croix-des-Bouquets (Wyclef's town) Gen nèg ki pensé brooklyn'm fèt ayiti'm fèt kwa dè boukè kwa dè boukè (Some niggers thinks i was born in brooklyn, i was in Haiti in Croix-des-Bouquets) Tandé (Listen) (Chorus)  Prezidan mwen pa vlé prézidan ou (President, i don't wanna be your president) Wasé mikrofòn nan mwen sé gouvèman ou (Give me the microphone i become your goverment) Bon nom'm sé Wyclef yo rélé'm fanfan (My real name's wyclef they call me fanfan) Mwen gen on ti sè yo rélé roz salon (I have a little sister that is called roz salon) Mwen yon cheval ki volé chak swa (I got a horse who flys every night) Mwen gen cheve pwav mwen pa vlé cheve soi (I got a nappy head i don't have silky hair) Bad boy ayisien ki soti en ayiti (Haitian bad boy straight from Haiti) Depui mwen gen pwoblèm mwen ralé ouzi (If got a problem i pull a uzi) Lè mal lékòl ameriken té kon jouré'm (When i went to school american's used to diss me) Yo rélém nèg nwè yo rélém ti réfijié (They called black nigger they called a little refugee)  Jan yo palé mwen wouè yo pa civilisé  (The way they talked i saw they where not civilised) Jan yo palé mwen wouè yo pa kon bon djie (The way they talked i saw they didn't know god) 45 bo kotem plis mwen gen de pié kolé  (45 by my side plus i got bot feet together) si on nèg testé'm mapé pété dé gren zie'l (If a nigger test me i'm gonna stab his eyes) Orijinal ayitien ki soti jerizalem (Original haitian straight from jerusalem) Si on nèg testé'm ané sa a ou pap ouè nwèl  (If a nigger tests me you wont see christmas this year) (Chorus) Tande  (Listen) (man's voice) Koté moun yo mwen pa wouè moun yo  (Where's the poeple i don't see the poeple) (Lauryn) Then you should know  That one day we are gone  So keep your head to the sky See the path we refuse is the path we should choose  They wont take the world when you die  Ayitien tiréé (Haitian fire) Levé lè men levé lè men chanté chanté  (Hands up hands up sing sing) Yon bagay yo di'm fi petyon vil pa vlé nèg ki gen cheve pwav mwen gen cheve pwav (They told me something girls from Pétion-Ville don't want nigga's  with nappy heads well i've got a nappy head) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean Album: The Carnival Song: Fresh Interlude Yo yo, this Wyclef, alongside DJ Skribble (for the ladies) Yo Skribble I have one question Could you please answer this for me? I gotta know this yo What makes a DJ *cut and scratched "fresh"* What makes an MC *cut and scratch "fresh"* What makes the ReFugees *scratch "fresh"* Why are kids getting jealous? Cause we F, R, E, S, H Fresh, fresh, fresh, that's, fresh! F, R, E, S, H Fresh, fresh, fresh, that's, fresh! Hey you, player, with the dibble and the dabble You wanna battle who? Wyclef or DJ Skribble Hold the stickup it's a freestyle session Skribble where you from man *scratched "Long Island"* Well I'm from Haiti, then Brooklyn, then Jersey with a universal tag, plus I got *scratched "money in the bag"* You slept on this musician, plus the hip-hop art Bring your best MC's *scratched "What?"* Cause every man got disciples if you ever want a rival Show up, with a mic, and a rifle Wyclef stuck the bank at mid-day and took all of Sony money, in a black van he got away I just got a call from Tommy Mottola He said forget about it "oh my word" So I held John Agrassia, at gunpoint He's shook, callin Donny Aiena, while smokin a joint I said, 'Who's the informer?' They say, 'Michael Malden' I had to take him out "Three the hard way!" The moral of this story don't blame the record company If your record ain't selling you lack creativity But what you want me to say? What what you want me to say huh? Yo I've been trying to get a deal for, years and it ain't What you want me to say? *cut and scratched "hehehehehehe"* *cut and scratched "ju-ju-just shut up"* *cut and scratched "Bite it!"* *mix the above three* 	"And I'll kill anyone, who dares to go against me!" The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ Neville Brothers Album: The Carnival Song: Mona Lisa (Introduction) Yo Mona Lisa, could I get a date on Friday and if your busy, I  wouldn't mind taking Saturday.  (Wyclef Talking) Right about now, if you are in your jeep. Please turn up your radio. If you don't have a Jeep, and you have a little hooptie I still want  you to crank up your volume.  We want all the ladies to sit back, relax, let your hair out. Wyclef presents the Neville Brothers in the house tonight. (Neville's Singing) I know a girl, she ruled my world. Whatever I need, she supplied. Living in paradise. She ruled my heart, till death do we part. (Her love was like esctasy)  *Chorus* Atleast thats how I thought it would be. (So Neville brothers what you telling me) Atleast that how I thought it would be (One question, what was her name) Mona Lisa, you called my name. Laid it apart but I did not respond And you ask me what I am thinking of In the morning I'll be gone, no more loving after dawn. No longer we can share the love that was never there. When the moon has lost its light. And the stars no longer bright And no longer can we share, the love that was never there. (Ain't no need to cry girl. Its gonna be alright)  Girl don't you cry. (Girl don't you cry) Please dry your eyes All you ever been was faithful in my life. So I apologize I hope the future brings us back together. Atleast that's how I thought it would be. Atleast that's how I thought it would be. (Yo, neville brothers. What was her name) *Repeat Chorus* (Wyclef speaking) Right about now if you are in dance, I want you to hold your girl  real tight. We got the neville brothers in the house tonight. Along  side Wyclef, you know how we do it. I want to apologize to you. I  never wrote a love song. This is my first one. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ Jean Forte, R.O.C. Album: The Carnival Song: Street Jeopardy Typed by: {unknown - revisions accepted} Wyclef (speaking): Guys, you have to be more gangster, more blood more gun talk, more people dying, more hardcore Enough, come on, I'm not feeling it man More, more, man (I got you) Alright, come with it (gunshot) Man: The million dollar question is, the million dollar question is... S.. s.. street corner... Wyclef (singing): (this is what he said) Have you ever heard the sound of a .44, at your door? (this is what I said) You got guns (you got guns), I got guns (uh-huh) Meet me at the corner store (this is what he said) (what does it all mean?) After school, wild wild west Even the teacher got a vest (this is what I said) You can ask, on the block, ? (what does it all mean?) Street Jeopardy... (here we go yo, here we go yo, here we go yo) Have you ever played Jeopardy... (here we go yo, here we go yo, here we go yo, here we go yo) [Wyclef] Not me, it could never happen to me Professor says what you wanna do? Sell drugs or get a degree? Looked at him and smiled with 32 gold teeth And said what you make in a year, I make it in a week Elementary at the time, I don't think of gettin caught Sellin with degrees, pickups at the seaport (come on) Once caught, you know the drill, it's military I can't lie, it gets scary, you screamin' for your mommy (come on) Truth or dare, beware, the game is never fair I'm fallin and I can't get up, like a dead hare You stare like you seen me before Yup, you put the gat to my gut, stuck me up in the truck And said, "Don't nothin move but the goods" Caught an arrow in your back fuckin wit Robin Hood [John Forte] This street life'll get you if the hustle don't fit you Paranoid crews don't choose, nigga stick you Arms and foldin macks to ya back tryin'a vick you Belief in my crew wishin' foes never get through And if so, Shalom, bless my soul, I'm home I lived my life to the fullest, neighborhoods now known A stone face is outta place when discussin B.I. If I have a second thought, you ought not reply I fought hot and sticky summers when the game started heatin Competition, mega jail, and the well, who was eatin (oh well) And every cell in the bang had a tenant With each of them regrettin they was in it Wyclef (singing): Have you ever heard the sound of a .44, at your door? You got guns, I got guns Meet me at the corner store (what does it all mean?) After school, wild wild west Even the teacher got a vest You can ask, on the block, ?(what does it all mean?) Street Jeopardy... (here we go yo, here we go yo, here we go yo) (it's a shame in the game when you lose, son, they probably stoned ya today) Have you ever played Jeopardy... (here we go yo, here we go yo, here we go yo, here we go yo) (money doubles for your troubles though you lose some  in the end it's all pain) [R.O.C.] Yeah, yeah I got up, sunny day, hood callin my name Strange, I feel nauseous, memories of a pine cauffin Seemed to me that I was dreamin I'd been struck by a crazed fan after the concert, damn Slugs form and I hurt, hopped up, checked my physical But the pain was all mental, I slipped into The shower, hopped out, got dressed, hit the blocks Swarmed with cops, mad shots, hot shells dropped You ever heard the sound of a .44 at your door? Before, many times, I answered back with a milli Now what? Now give me mine It ain't no games like B.D.P. My 9-meter go da-da-da-da-dang-hey hey Wyclef (singing): Have you ever heard the sound of a .44, at your door? You got guns, I got guns Meet me at the corner store (what does it all mean?) After school, wild wild west Even the teacher got a vest You can ask, on the block, ? (what does it all mean?) Street Jeopardy... (here we go yo, here we go yo, here we go yo) (it's a shame in the game when you lose, son, they probably stoned ya today) Have you ever played Jeopardy... (here we go yo, here we go yo, here we go yo, here we go yo) (money doubles for your troubles though you lose some  in the end it's all pain) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean Album: The Carnival Song: Killer M.C. (Interlude) Wyclef: Hello, boys and girls. Welcome to Wyclef Words of Wisdom. I am here with an m.c. that  everyone is scared of. He has killed over a million people on record and he's still not locked up. Am, what is your name sir? Killer M.C.: Nuhmsayin? Am... Wyclef: Yeah. Basically, if you have killed so many people why ain't you locked up? Killer M.C.: I'm sayin' though like, nuhmsayin? Wyclef: Yeah, exactly my point. Don't believe the hype. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ John Forte Album: The Carnival Feat. Refugees All Stars Song: Tryin' to Stay Alive (Wy-Clef Jean) We got the Refugees All-Stars rubba dubbin’ in the club Wyclef Jean, John Forte, Prizewell. Nah mean the streets are gettin a little crazy.. Looka looka looka looka looka looka looka looka here looka shorty got back  should I ask her for a dance hold on theres too many in a wolf pack and besides Dirtycash talkin to her buyin’ her fake furs and takin’ her to the fever quite as his kept that ain’t even his Benz she spends his franklins at the malls with her friends material girl, livin’ in a material world but it's alright cause its Saturday night so mista funkmaster pump the Bee-Gees and all you college students bring your ouijas’ check the spellin, R E--F U G E--E get the cd from Sam Goody he he You ain't even close wit the rhymes that you wrote  Don't be mad cause you broke let me clear my throat ah huh ah huh John Forte grab the mic roots sway it this way (John Forte) I more than just a rhymer you still a small timer hopin that the game treat that ass a little kinda every step tango’d  your beat dont concern me I'm eatin mangos in Trinadad wit attorneys (oh yea) my crews slang flow worldwide like a current wit da every spot where nobody get insurance brotha do the math you aint half near exotic my man's claim true - you - forget about it pope hoe just a new stance like my influence well recognize you a lie tryin do it got juice told your lady oops we nuts baby smooth and charizmatic automatic you gonna save me godbless the day that my sons survive we strive to teach the youth baby and stay alive (Wy-Clef) Refugee camp nuts baby John Forte Yo watch your lady (Prizewell (Dirtycash)) yo watch your lady eh ah special ill rhyme dirtycash (Wy-Clef) yo if you got more than dollar in your pocket right now put your hands up (Prizewell (Dirtycash)) yo yo you can tell by the way I roll shorty that I'm a ladies man a business man condos down the shore multi million pension plans but it aint in my plan to make move without the fam I keep it intact you Clef do the track John play da mack while I pay the tax business as usuall watchin suspects steal my assetts get cut with gillettes we built this concept connect like nynex drinks at the bar my american express (Wy-Clef) yo I cook up cook up the cop a pull up pull up then I cuff up cuff up you whos callin bluff now you shook up shook up cause you lock up lock up when I love up love up you who's callin bluff (Wy-Clef) hey yo John is chillin Dirtycash chillin what more can I say we livin thats what we got we got it good  and since you understood we be....... (Prizewell (Dirtycash)) yeah live at the carnival 97 till infinite ha Refugee All-Stars cant stop the shining, cant stop the shining (2x) you wanna stop the shining, you wanna stop the shining (2x) cant stop the shining, cant stop the shining The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean Album: The Carnival Song: Gunpowder Typed by: kmelpla@hotmail.com I asked my mother why do you cry she said your brother had... he just died Well I told him not to go outside he said he had to fight for his country's right But don't you know that mo-mother don't you know that we can't stop the violence, no Because the war is not over until you can feel love, peace, and hear silence But I smell gunpowder (pow) my brother's been dead ever since I didn't beleive it, but when I saw him I was convinced Two shots to the head he was already dead Lord,  I headed for revenge in the city of Port Au Prince Screaming bro-brother don't you know that we can't stop the violence, no Because the war is not over  until you can feel love, peace, and hear silence But I smell gunpowder (Pow) Zion's gunpowder (pow) L.A.'s gunpowder (pow) I wanna know why Christians pray for a new day we don't need no, we don't need no, we don't need no But its still the same way I wanna know why ghetto people pray for a new day hey, hey, heeey and its still the same way But the preacher man told me good things come to those who wait do good things come to those who wait? I wanna know tell me  good things come to those who wait do good things come to those who wait? we wanna know, we wanna know, we wanna know [pause] Pe-people don't you know that we can't stop the violence, no because the war is not over  until you can feel love, peace, and hear the silence but I smell gunpowder (gunpowder) Brooklyn's gunpowder (gunpowder) Shaolin's gunpowder (gunpowder) Uptown's gunpowder (gunpowder) Jersey's gunpowder (gunpowder) even New Zealand's gunpowder (gunpowder) Australia's gunpowder (gunpowder) Brixton's gunpowder (gunpowder) even New Haven's gunpowder The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean Album: The Carnival Song: Enter the Carnival (Interlude) *Tropical music playing in background* Yo yo I wanna give a shoutout to the world this is Wyclef Cold chillin out here with my pina colada yeah baby I'm in the islands, cold relaxin Right about now The Carnival's gon change phases If you got your ticket, man, you're allowed to come with me Yo, for right now I'm gon chill at the beach Check out the pretty girls layin back, you know how we do playa yo I'm out here in the sun baby it's all good! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean Album:  The Carnival Song:   Jaspora Typed by: ItWasWritten7013@aol.com Men sa le monde antye tap tann Wyclef ki sot nan Fugee Jeremi! Ayiti! Potoprins! Flatbush! Sou'w fyè desko'w se ayisyen mache Dyaspora n'pa respekte dyaspora (4 X) Depwi mwen piti mwen te kite Ayiti Gen sa ki al Brooklyn gen sa ki al Miami Poukisa Jamariken toujou di se Jamariken? Men ayisyen pè di li se ayisyen Poukisa ou pè di non'w se Samyèl? Poukisa ou pé di'w ave'k Izrayèl? Poukisa chak swa wap domi ak Jezabèl? Ou pè di fanm ayisyen ke yo bèl? Pa'm nan bèl Mwen respekte non'w tankou mwen respekte zanj Gabriyèl Men nèg dyaspora vle Mennen nou nan otèl Tonben pale anglè vire "playboy channel" Yo pa respekte Izrayèl Dyaspora n'pa respekte dyaspora Si se dyaspora li ye mape voye' l bay reken Dyaspora n'pa respekte dyaspora Si se dyaspora li ye aswè a nap dezame'l Dyaspora ha ha o le men Mape pran li jete'l nan prizon Map fè'l konnen kiyès ki Tousen Map fè'l konnen kiyès ki Desalin Aprè sa nou mèt lage'l voye'l back Brooklyn Pou la'l jwenn manman'n kap fe manje nan kwizin Mannan'n gade li di gason ou chanje Li di mwen chanje paske se ayisyen mwen ye Yo te ban mwen yon leson, yo te mete'm nan prison Mwen wè dyaspora fi, dyaspora gason Gen sa ki pap tounen yape domi a pwason Yo pedi konesans kankou yo fèt san relijyon Dyaspora n'pa respekte dyaspora Si se dyaspora ou ye mape voye'w bay reken Dyaspora n'pa respekte dyaspora Si se dyaspora ou ye aswè a nap dezame'w Nèg Potoprins pa respekte dyspora Ankò Nèg Flatbush pa respekte dyspora Nèg Canada pa respekte dyspora Nèg Miami pa respekte dyaspora Depwi mwen piti mwen te kite ayiti Gen sa ki al Brooklyn gen sa ki al Miami Poukisa jamariken toujou di se jamariken? Men ayisyen pè di li se ayisyen Poukisa ou pè di non'w se Samyèl? Poukisa ou pè di'w ave'k Israyèl? Poukisa chak swa wap domi ak Jezabèl? Ou pè di fanm ayisyen ke yo bèl? Pa'm nan bèl Mwen respekete nou tankou mwen respekte zanj gabriyèl Men nèg dyaspora vle Mennen noun nan otèl Tonben pale angle vire "playboy channel" Yo pa respekte Izrayèl Dyaspora n'pa respekte dyaspora Si se dyaspora ou ye mape voyo'w bay reken Dyaspora n'pa respekte dyaspora Si se dyaspora ou ye aswè a nap dezame'w Pa Kayos pa respekte dyaspora Papa Djoume pa respekte dyaspora Refugees pa respekte dyaspora Nèg Florida pa respekte dyaspora Malfini bagay yo pral fini mal sou'w derespekte natif natal Malfini bagay yo pral fini mal Derespekte ayisyen ou pral kout fistibal Dyaspora n'pa respekte dyaspora Si se dyaspora ou ye mape voyo'w bay reken Dyaspora n'pa respekte dyaspora Si se dyaspora ou ye aswè a nap dezame'w The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean Album: The Carnival Song: Yélé Typed by: freaky_p69@hotmail.com *Tropical music playing in background* Wyclef (echo):  Yo, yo, I wanna give a shout-out to the world.  This is Wyclef, cold-chillin' out here with my pina-colada. Yeah, baby. I'm in the islands, cold relaxin'. Right about now the carnival's gonna change phases. If you got your ticket, man, you're allowed to come with me. Yo, for right now I'm gonna chill in the beach, check out the pretty girls layin' back. You know how we do, playa yo. I'm out here in the sun, baby, it's all good! Si ou gin zorey, tandé, Si ou gin bouche, palé. Si é pas ça, pays en li va coulé. Quand qu’ou yon bateau qui plein réfijiés, Si nou pas chèché bon djie, encore ! Si ou gin zorey, tandé, Si ou gin bouche, palé. Si é pas ça, pays nou libral coulé. Quand qu’ou yon bateau qui plein réfijiés, Izrael chèché bon djie, tandé ! Dix milles cercueils, gadé toutes c’est ti-mounes. Pè ap crié, mais yo pap résucité. Manman rélé, mais cadav, pas ka tandé ! Zinglin dou passé, mwen tandé «Blo ! Blo ! Blo! Blo ! »  Lord… Si ou gin zorey, tandé, Si ou gin bouche, palé. Si é pas ça, pays nou li val coulé. Quand qu’ou yon bateau qui plein réfijiés, Haïtiens ! chèché bon djie, encore! Si ou gin zorey, tandé, Si ou gin bouche, palé. Si é pas ça, pays nou libral coulé. Quand qu’ou yon bateau qui plein réfijiés, Izrael chèché bon djie. Mwen con yon Haïtien. Qui tap vend Marijuana. Police té quinbél, Li dit c’est poutet manman té gin cancè ( li pas gin l’agent!) Counya li nan prison, (pou combien temps?) Lap palém de révolution (sans solutions!) Mais police yo té passé, Mwen té tandé « Blo! Blo! Blo! Blo! » Lord… Si ou gin zorey, tandé, Si ou gin bouche, palé. Si é pas ça, pays nou lipral coulé. Quand qu’ou yon bateau qui plein réfijiés, Mysié! Suspend tiré! Encore… Si ou gin zorey, tandé, Si ou gin bouche, palé. Si é pas ça, pays nou libral coulé. Quand qu’ou yon bateau qui plein réfijiés, Haïtiens chèché bon djie. Depuis mwen petit mwen té con lit Génèse, Mwen boxé avec Satan quand coum boxé ak Djialèse. Mais gin dé lè! L’esprit mwen faible. Mwen dit pouki ça politiciens yo fumin zèbes? Tandé, map attaké nom ou quand cou yon dette, pouki ça? Pacé ou pas con fait bons œuvres. Mwen con yon politicien yo rélé malèb, Malè avec ou si ou testé calèb. Loup-garou yo va mangé ou cancou yo mangé de lèb. Rigoise nan bouda ou cancou cheval kap prend frèt. Tandé, mem nan l’église ou prend frèt, pouki ça? Politiciens pas vlé tandé prête… Yélé, yélé, yélé… Crié, crié, crié… Peuple là yappé mandé Qui l’heu, ça bral changé ! Yélé, yélé, yélé… Crié, crié, crié… Peuple la yappé mandé, Qui l’heu ça bral changé! Si ou gin zorey, tandé, Si ou gin bouche, palé. Si é pas ça, pays nou lipral coulé. Quand qu’ou yon bateau qui plein réfijiés, Si nou pas chèché bon djie, encore… Si ou gin zorey, tandé, Si ou gin bouche, palé. Si é pas ça, pays nou libral coulé. Quand qu’ou yon bateau qui plein réfijiés, Izrael, chèché bon djie. Encore… Yélé, yélé, yélé… Crié, crié, crié… Peuple la yappé mandé, Qui l’heu ça bral changé ! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ Jocelyn Berouard, Jacob Desvarieux, Sweet Mickey Album: The Carnival Song: Carnival Typed by: xInstinctx@hotmail.com Intro (Wyclef Jean): Refugee Allstaaars Nou nan bal la aswè - tout nèg ap relax Fi ki gen fo cheve yo, fo zong, se tèt poul ou ye Fi ap pede rele gason "chyen" bagay sa yo paka pati nan bal la Ou konnin Kreyòl mwen malouk, men nap eseye Tandem, bam bam bam fon ti pale avèk nou, tande tande.. [Wyclef Jean] Si gen nèg ki nan bal lan(uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh) ki santi fi an se tèt pou li ye(uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh) E ou santi ke ou pagen peche, ou mèt kalonnen poul lan ak kout ròch Kade fi kap pran ròch(kadeeeee ròch), kade fi kap pran kout ròch ANMWEEEEEEEEEYYY Original lan, original lan, original la, men orginal lan(HE!) Original lan, original lan, original, Ti Mano original lan(HE!) Original lan, original lan, original, Refugee orginal lan(HE!) Original lan, original Surprise, it's Sweet Mickey y'aaall [Sweet Mickey] Si nou te jwe Konpa, se konsa nou ta mate Matin, midi, swa New York ta yon kanaval Si nou te jwe Konpa, si nou te Mattelli, Se konsa li ta sonnen Lè nou pral fè bal, pagen kote pou nou met moun [Wyclef Jean] Ankò Mwen pavle tèt poul, mwen pavle Kentucky Fried Chicken(oh ho) Mwen pavle sis piece nugget, on fam Ayisyen mwen bezwen sou kotem(tanpri souple) Mwen pavle bagay ki hmm... mwen pavle chinese food Mwen pavle sis piece nugget, on fam Ayisyen mwen bezwen so kotem(tande) Fam Ayisyen, nou konnen nou se nimero en Pa okipe nou si yap mete nou nan zin(zin) Jalouzi ap fè kankou nou yo se Kayen, en-en, en-en Vendredi aprèmidi nou prale nan cinema Aprèsa nou pral danse Konpa Jacob [Jacob Desvarieux] Woy, woy woy woy Depi se Taniz mache, koute loraj la gronde Kade la paye-a soukwe, koute se chyen ra jape Depi se Taniz mache, kade latè-a soukwe Koute loraj la gronde(RETIRE MENW NAN PÒCH MWEN!) [Wyclef Jean talking] Epa moun yo ap tire dèyè-a, pa gen anken rezon Jan bal lan, tout moun ap relax yo - pou nèg E lè sa, nèg yo vle kraze bal-lan E kounya pou nèg yo wè e dèyè-an pou yal tire Mesye relax nou, mwen gen Jocelyn la Jocelyn pral pale ak tout fi yo So Jocelyn map bow mikro-an, mwen bow trant segond, ale [Jocelyn Berouard] Si yon fanm, andidan, ki trouve nom se dimi frè chyen fè(uh huh) Si pe jire he pa janmè peche, a lò fèy bwan la kouse - ak kout ròch [Wyclef Jean + (Jocelyn)] Gade nèg kap pran ròch, mezanmi(ròch) Gade tout nèg kap pran ròch nan bal-lan(ròch) Tout nèg sa yo ap pran kout ròch(ròch), roy - ANMWEEEEEEEY(HEEEY) Original lan, original lan, original la, men orginal lan(kòk la vole manman poul la) Original lan, original lan, original la, men orginal lan(kòk la vole manman poul la) Original lan, original la, original, all-star original lan(kòk la vole manman poul la) Original lan, original la, MACHEEEE!!! [Wyclef Jean] Mwen pavle tèt poul, mwen pavle Kentucky Fried Chicken Mwen pavle sis piece nuggets, on fam Ayisyen mwen bezwen sou kotem(ankò) Mwen pavle chinese food, mwen pavle bagay ki hmm.. Mwen pavle sis piece nuggets, on fam Ayisyen mwen bezwen sou kotem(tande) Fam Ayisyen, nou konnen nou se nimero en Pa okipe nou si yap mete nou nan zin(zin) Jalouzi ap fè kankou nou yo se Kayen, en-en, en-en Vendredi aprèmidi nou prale nan cinema Kisa nou pral gade, [Naughty Professor] Timari, mape vin chachew nan Jaguar Apresa nou pral mange diri a omar Li gade mwen, li tonbe ri "haha" Tonbe manyen mwen nan do E te rete papal' - papal' rale yon zam men mwen men pat kouri Mwen di, "poukisa papi wap fè jalouzi, se piti fi'w ki fèm fè belle" Li di, "sesa kadav ou deja ap tan ou nan simityè The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean Album: The Ecleftic * 2 Sides II a Book Song: Where Fugees At? Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com INTRO: Uh huh, uh huh Feels good to be back at the essence where it all started you know Uh huh, uh huh What up Uh huh, uh huh Turn up my headphones man, uh huh uh huh I got a few things I wanna tell the people out there Yo, yo, yo HOOK: All I hear is Fugee this, Fugee that Where Fugee At? I need Fugees to spit up on this track Lauryn if you're listenin, Pras if you're listenin Gimme a call I'm in the lab in the Booga Basement Y'all know my style, I'm still *mini, money, mini, mini It ain't all about the money* [Verse 1] When I whistle-lah, two dogs by my side plus a black pistola Loud MCs, feel the silencer Y'all still rhymin, y'all cookoo, I send psychos to Bellevue This aint a sequel son, but I have you "Scream 2" [AHHH!] Real live cinema of the streets produced a junkie Put back on your shirt man you lookin like ET You're cracked out, for dough, some blow on saxophone You're rhymin off beat even with help from my metronomes See, y'all aint MCs, you a CM Common Motherfucker rhymin about Lexus and Benz The same Benz you got jacked in, drunk off of Gin You woke up in hell gettin sexed by Marilyn Manson You lie, you deny, pass me the microphone I guess like Eddie Murphy you was givin 'em a ride home Yeah right, 25 mics, material in The Source While your rap crew's on steroids lookin like Full Force Your girl she's buffed, puffed, in daytime don't play rough The freaks come out at night so that's when I bring out the cuffs Grand Monet, CD player number two Sade's in my bedroom singin "Sweetest Taboo" HOOK [Verse 2] We used to rap, now y'all wanna come and get me with a bat? Y'all must be smokin crack, with Pookie from New Jack How could y'all forget, I'm the reason y'all MC But y'all flip like Pharisees and charge me for blasphemy You know who you are, eight bar superstar Karabi cars, buy up the bars with the credit cards You wanna impress some young chick you just met First thing she say, "You used to roll with Wyclef?!" Look surprised, see your flesh outside your vest Yeah you could fight, in the WWF Cuz in this arena aint nothin but gladiators and haters Hopin they kill me and roll and feed me to the tigers Oh Lord, protect me from the devil They open the book of life, y'all readin like the anti christ Your weak kid, stop lyin to the public You wanted it so bad that you took all the production credits Some MCs in the underground, mad at me cuz I'm above ground Counting English pounds I tell ya what, success don't come overnight I was in Noah's Ark for Forty days and Forty nights Contemplatin what should I write, what should I recite Cuz aint nobody here but thugs and chicks wit ice That's when I daydream into the twilight Girls wit they man, screamin "I hate life" Baby girl look in the opposite direction Cuz my class is the *Misedu...* HOOK The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ Kenny Rogers, Pharoahe Monch Album: The Ecleftic * 2 Sides II a Book Song: Kenny Rogers - Pharoahe Monch Dub Plate Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Wyclef Jean] Yo I'm happy to be in the South to set off my tour in the countryside But who better to set it off for me than this man right here [Kenny Rogers] Yo this Kenny Rogers chillin on the country side with men like Wyclef (uh-huh) Jerry Wonder (uh-huh) Big Jack (mm-hmm) Big Beast (mm-hmm) And we gon' do something like this for you You got to know when to hold 'em (YEAH, YEAH!) Know when to fold 'em (DJ's, DJ's!) Know when to walk away (HIP-HOP, HIP-HOP!) Know when to run.. (YEAH, YEAH!) You got to count your dub-plates (GHETTO, GHETTO, GHETTO) before you touch the turntables (ALL HOODS!) Cause if you run out of big tunes that means your sound is done (Y'ALL READY?) Chorus: Kenny Rogers You got to know when to hold 'em Know when to fold 'em (soundbwoys) Know when to walk away Know when to run.. (hey, hey, hey, hey..) You got to count your dub-plates before you touch the turntables (DJ's) Cause if you run out of big tunes that means your sound is done [Pharoahe Monch] Get the hell up! 'Clef said, get the hell up! Now throw your hands in the sky (BO! BO! BO! BO!) Brooklyn in the back shootin craps y'all whassup? Ladies; lookin hot and pretty Doin your thing in the club high saditty WORLDWIDE - the gritty committee pity the fool that act {shitty} in the midst of the calm, the witty 	(You got to know when to hold 'em..) Y'all know the name! Same assassin from before, but the beat just changed a little Riddle me this though who flip flows that got women in they thongs gettin on but not Sisqo Select your squad team and your itch Bey know my flow muy caliente, fuego No disrespect to soundbwoy, but you better step away from me Easily defeat measley MC's and tease you Ease back squeeze two in your wig and breeze through Chorus [Wyclef Jean] C'mon, c'mon (Get the hell up!) Soundbwoys ('Clef said, get the hell up!) (Now throw your hands in the sky) Yo This combination gon' bust from Brooklyn to Shanghai Feel the boogie boogie Henny got me tipsy tipsy Kenny Rogers and Pharoahe Monch? No way, this can't be 48 tracks, country meets rap Put this on full blast, I'm about to break all formats My destiny is to lead while y'all follow This is +Showtime+ and I'm +Live at the Apollo+ Chorus Two: Kenny Rogers + Wyclef You got to know when to hold 'em (soundbwoys) Know when to fold 'em (emcees) Know when to walk away (yeah, yeah, yeah..) Know when to run You got to count your dub-plates before you touch the turntables (DJ's) Cause if you run out of big tunes that means your sound is done Chorus The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean Album: The Ecleftic * 2 Sides II a Book Song: Thug Angels Typed by: thebigtymer@hotmail.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash Refugees yo.. all you say [Wyclef Jean] Dirty Dirty Dirty South I used to play while at the YMCA, in L.A. Sold my first A-K I saw her man get murdered on Sunday, Bloody Sunday (What about Texas?) They need to chill with the gun play (New York city y'all) Police are at the door the Magnum was by the ashtray (Look at shorty y'all) He bout to go out like Scarface He woke up in a cardboard box with no space with Thug Angels singin, sayin 	[background harmonizing - repeat 2X] 	{uh-huhhh uh-huhhh, ahh-ahh-ahh-ahhhh-ahhh-ahhh- 	-uhhh-huhhh uh-huhhh..} [Wyclef Jean] - (over harmonizing) So you wanna be a thug? To all my thugs in Houston, you wan' push drugs? To all my thugs in Memphis, you want the cars in the videos? To the Jacksonville Thug Angels, let me tell you how it really goes [Wyclef Jean] I'm on the highway with a black bandana, headed to Atlanta Until I heard WOOP WOOP, that "Sound of Da Police", should I pull over? He had the dark shades on, but he ain't look like Stevie Wonder His face was, pale and long - he looked like cold day in December Now let me ask the truth or somethin -  should I slow down and be a good camper? I heard a young thug scream,  "It depends what you got in the beamer!!" Now I got two choices I could blast and become Most Wanted in America Or I could slow down like the man in the Bronco  and get Johnny Cochran to be my lawyer Ohh Sonya, hit her on the Motorola If I get locked up I ain't getting out 'til Tuesday Cause this is Saturday, and it's a holiday Now I got to spend a week hangin in the South in jail but you told me that crime pay [Wyclef Jean] The Dirty Dirty Dirty South I used to play while at the YMCA, in L.A. Sold my first A-K I saw her man get murdered on Sunday, Bloody Sunday (What about Brooklyn?) They need to chill with the gun play (Hey) Police are at the door the Magnum was by the ashtray (New Jersey) He bout to go out like Scarface He woke up in a cardboard box with no space with Thug Angels singin, sayin 	[background harmonizing - repeat 2X] 	{uh-huhhh uh-huhhh, ahh-ahh-ahh-ahhhh-ahhh-ahhh- 	-uhhh-huhhh uh-huhhh..} [Wyclef Jean] - (over harmonizing) So you wanna be a thug? My thugs in Chicago, you wan' push drugs? My thugs in Orlando, you want the cars in the videos? To V-A and D.C., St. Louis, Miami [Wyclef Jean] So you a killer, how many people did you kill? You a dealer, how many drugs did you deal-a? For'realla, used to sell crack on the hill-a Yeah right! My name is Elvis and your wife is Pricilla You're an ACTOR, you need a part in this thrilla Hold up, ain't no nead to bust your four-fifth-a It's two of use, one of use is bound to leave in a coma So say your prayers, and give my regards to the undertaker [Wyclef Jean] At the Dirty Dirty Dirty South I used to play while at the YMCA, in L.A. Sold my first A-K I saw her man get murdered on Sunday, Bloody Sunday (What about New Orleans?) They need to chill with the gun play (New York City y'all) Police are at the door the Magnum was by the ashtray (Look at shorty y'all) He bout to go out like Scarface He woke up in a cardboard box with no space with Thug Angels singin, sayin 	[background harmonizing - repeat 4X] 	{uh-huhhh uh-huhhh, ahh-ahh-ahh-ahhhh-ahhh-ahhh- 	-uhhh-huhhh uh-huhhh..} [Wyclef Jean] - (over harmonizing) So you wanna be a thug? To my thugs in Tampa, you wan' push drugs? To my thugs in Detroit, you want the cars in the videos? To the North, to the South, to the whole Carolina-lina Let me tell you how it really goes So you wanna be a thug? To my thugs in A-T-L, you wan' push drugs? To my thugs livin in Dallas, you want the cars in the videos? Thug Angels in the Birmingham Let me tell you how it really goes, let's go! [Wyclef - with voice box effect] Watch out, for the beasts Watch out, if you got a seed homie cause you don't want your kids growin up  thinkin they never had no daddy Big Pun, rest in peace forever Bronx, pour some liqour, AHHH Slang Tom, rest in peace Police is in the news, watch yourself Y'all saw what they did to Diallo [some man complaining] Yeah you betta turn music down! I call 911! [Wyclef Jean] You gon' do WHAT? WAIT! Yo turn up your musics louder WAIT! All my people in the system Jeep WAIT! All my people goin to school early in the mornin WAIT! Eastern Parkway [Haitian singing to end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ Melky Sedeck, The Rock Album: The Ecleftic * 2 Sides II a Book Song: It Doesn't Matter Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [The Rock] Yo this is the Rock kicking it with the Refugee camp And you're bout to smell what the Rock is cookin' [Wyclef Jean](The Rock) Yo this is strictly a club record Dedicated to everybody who used to stand outside in the cold When the F-L-E-X was spinnin at the Red Zone, hooded down And these tired bouncers would not let me in YouknowwhatI'msayin? Yo, yo, yo I got fifty Bentley's in the West Indies (It doesn't matter!) I got a pocket full of cheese and a garden full of trees (It doesn't matter!) I just won the bingo bought a crib in Rio (It doesn't matter!) Cause if you ain't sharin, people ain't carin Come up in the hood and they take everything you wearin Back in the days it was all about the clubs And the so-called thugs used to dance the break for love The girls, they wouldn't say HEY! Unless you bought 'em champagne like it was they birthday Me, I used to stand outside Hustlin my way in I'm on the guest list plus five! Who's performin tonight? He said Shabba Mister Lover Daddy he be the selector (Someone jump the Rock's up in here) Disrespect emcees and catch a smack in your left ear Light up like Vegas when it's time to gamble Girls scream for me like I was part of the Beatles But I'm not honey, but I could be your Paul McCartney and "Ebony or Ivory" into my Jacuzzi Foundation like Kool Herc, or DJ Red Alert goes bezerk The needle ain't skip the record jerked Cause y'all jumpin' too hard (Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!) [Wyclef](The Rock) I got fifty Bentley's in the West Indies (It doesn't matter!) I got a pocket full of cheese and a garden full of trees (It doesn't matter!) What? I just won the bingo bought a crib in Rio (It doesn't matter!) Yo cause if you ain't sharin, people ain't carin Come up in the hood and they take everything you wearin Yo Rock I just bought a fresh Bentley (It doesn't matter you just bought a fresh Bentley!) [Wyclef](Melky Sedeck) How many of y'all ever been to a barbecue And you always got an aunt or uncle  wanna show you how the old dances go And they start it off like this Electric slide on the dance floor Freaky-deaky like Studio 54 GIRLS!! Until the IRS raids it Drug money get converted into music The dope man becomes an entertainer Leave that crack alone! I told the customers I'm into bigger and better things Mr. Fiend You want a hit? Give me a guitar and a drum machine And the crowd will scream loud when the bass thump I can smell it in the air, the smell is funk {*cough cough*} Excuse me I gotta cough Girl you in so much ice you could freeze New York You're man must really love you, what does he do for a living? (He works on Wall Street he's only home two nights a week) That's when she said a little too much conversation Think she want to indulge in lyrical masturbation So I proceeded with the conversation, I said Can I offer you a glass of Merlot Mrs. No Name? (Let's get it straight huh, my name's Veronica) She had the ass the size of South America She said ain't you that kid that sing Guantanamera way before Ricky Martin sung "Livin' La Vida Loca" What hood you come from? I was raised in Brooklyn, but did my studies in Jerusalem The New Jerusalem yup, that's short for New Jersey Checked my watch it was a quarter to three Slid to her crib when we opened the door Her man was on the bottle waiting for her with the 44 [Wyclef](The Rock) Now what it look like, it ain't really that (It doesn't matter!) So he cocked the gat at my top hat (It doesn't matter!) Are you crazy? You was married! (It doesn't matter!) Cause if you ain't sharin, people ain't carin Come up in your hood and they take everything you wearin Yeah that's when shorty walked up to her man And she said I gotta go I can't be here no more And she said this [Melky Sedeck] Take me home, to the place I belong at the Refugee Camp And the Booga basement That's where I live, oh Come on Yo Rock I sold like seventeen million records (It doesn't matter how many records you've sold!) Alright I'm with you, yo check it out You wanna go get diamond rings? (It doesn't matter if the Rock wants to go get diamond rings or not!) Man listen, listen I just got two new Grammy's man (It doesn't matter about your Grammy's!) It doesn't matter The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ Mary J. Blige  Album: The Ecleftic * 2 Sides II a Book Song: 911 Typed by: brians@compusmart.ab.ca [Wyclef] Yo, what up, this Wyclef with Mary J. I serenade the girls with my accoustic guitar You know what I'm sayin'? Yo, fellas havin' problems with the chicks? I want you right now to turn the lights down low Pull your girl up next to you I want you to sing this to her If death comes for me tonight, girl I want you to know that I love you And no matter how tough I wouldn't dare Only to you I would reveal my tears So tell the police I ain't home tonight Messin' around with you is gonna get me life But when I look into your eyes You're worth that sacrafice If this is the kind of love that my mom used to warn me about Man, I'm in trouble I'm in real big trouble If this is the kind of love that the old folks used to warn me about Man, I'm in trouble I'm in real big trouble I need y'all to do me a favor Someone please call 911 (pick up the phone yo) Tell them I just been shot down and the bullet's, in my heart And it's piercin through my soul (I'm losin blood yo) Feel my body gettin cold Somone please call 911 (pick up the phone yo) The alleged assailaint, is five foot one and she shot me through my soul Feel my body gettin cold [Mary J. Blige] So cold Sometimes I feel like I'm a prisoner I think I'm trapped here for a while (but I'm always right here with you girl) And every breath I fight to take Is as hard as these four walls I wanna break I told the cops you wasn't here tonight Messin' around with me is gonna get you life Oh yeah, yeah But everytime I look into your eyes Then it's worth the sacrifice [Wyclef] If this is the kind of love that your mom used to warn you about Man, we are in trouble  You're in real big trouble  If this is the kind of love that the old folks used to warn me about  I'm in trouble  I'm in real big trouble You got anything to say, girl? [Mary J. Blige] Someone please call 911, yeah yeah (pick up the phone yo) Tell them I just got shot down And it's piercin through my soul (I'm losin blood yo) Feel my body gettin cold [Wyclef] Someone please call 911 (can you do that for me) The alleged assailaint, was five foot one And she shot me through my soul (and he shot me through my heart) Feel my body gettin cold (He didn't care, he didn't worry, he didn't wonder..) Wyclef and Mary J. Blige I'm feelin you girl I understand [Mary J. Blige] And you're doin, what you're doin, would you do it and do it and do it and do it for me.. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean Album: The Ecleftic * 2 Sides II a Book Song: Pullin Me In Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com Intro: Y'all know y'all done messed up now right? Mmmm mmmm, fo' real [opera singing] You know, you messed up, I'm not laughing All y'all beats is soundin the same, y'all rhymin the same Some of y'all even wearing the same jewelry And y'all doin the same videos Shut up, you know you messed up right? That's why they brought me back in this game To bring it right back to the essence, mmm hmmm Oh yeah, and all this kill this, kill that, kill this Lemme tell you somethin, [what, what] The real killers, they're standin right over there Waitin for you to act like a killer, so they can kill you Yo Sedeck, do me a favor yo Yo tell everybody on this side of the stage To just move back a little cuz it's about to get real rowdy in the front yo, they comin yo I could never forget the underground hip hop I'ma dedicate this to everybody that knew me when I was broke Workin at Burger King, hustlin dime bags on a twelve speed bicycle All the projects man, youknowwhatimsayin? Yo HOOK: Every time I keep pullin out, y'all keep pullin me in, sin Kick a little somethin for the New Jerusalem Let people know you aint forget where you came from, where you came from Every time I keep pullin out, y'all keep pullin me in, sin Kick a little somethin for the street DJs Let people know you aint forget where you came from, where you came from [Verse 1] Yo, yo this probably the hardest verse that I ever recite I'm in the studio with a gun in my neck it's all right Surrounded by gangsters, I don't know how they got here But I feel like the Haitian Frank Sinatra, in his young years New York, on my way to Kennedy airport L.A., I was told wear colors wherever you walk Dirt, dirty south, I heard they run up in your house Shakespeare, no time to jive blast your girl through the blouse What? MCs, y'all aint nothing but assassins Every two lines is killin, or incarceration Murderation, closed casket cremation Closest you got to prison was seein barson television But I'ma go long as this thug phenomenon Pass me a bandanna, two shots from my Mag-num All of that, to get your attention Here's a few things I been dyin to mention Anyone talk about guns, I'ma buy the cartel Any more beats soundin the same, I'ma put your MPC to cell Listen, reminiscing on Nas, *It Aint Hard To Tell* Still feel like somebody's watching me like Rockwell Talk about diamonds, I'ma kidnap Jacob Talk about the Fugees, I'ma break up the make up Put your stake up, I'm about to work my way back to the streets And y'all wanna bootleg cuz y'all will get Jay-Z HOOK [variations] Kick a little something for the projects Clef Kick a little something for the hip hop fans [Verse 2] Hip hop fans, y'all like the woman in my house No matter how faithful I am, y'all still have your doubts Talkin bout, is he real in this relationship Or did he go pop, and on the side get a mistress My mistress is a guitar, classical like Mozart Paint murder on the wall just to show y'all some art And y'all wanna start, and lose body parts I suggest you start walkin, tell your man stop talking You know the scenario, the innocent is always the first to go And Dorothy sings somewhere over the rainbow Kum Ba Ya, got you trapped in barbed wire Dope delivery, but I'm the ghost writer Tall tribes of Juda, deeper than books Watch what you cook cuz you might get hooked Man... I miss real MCs Like Kool G Rap, written in graffiti Before the plane, I used to take the train Watch fiends puttin up they vein, moms raisin caine Able's on the roof, cook like a goose To calm my nerve, I drink Vodka 180 proof I'm back in the shack, lay flat on my back Two choices, sell rap or sell crack Chose sell rap, but watch my back like I'm sellin crack Cuz the music industry is the same street format I sold y'all Nappy Heads, to The Score, to The Carnival But yet y'all still wanted more Since Sedeck went back, came off wit a break I blend so perfect, that you would want it for your mixtape [beatbox] HOOK [variations] Kick a little something for the brothers up north The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ Supreme C, Marie Antoinette, Hope Album: The Ecleftic * 2 Sides II a Book Song: Da Cypha Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com INTRO: Yo 1, 2, 1, 2 The Clef is back with some adjustments Refugee camp [Turn it up! Turn it up! Turn it up!] Yo, you see them Refugees right there, they goin in the car HOOK: WooWooWooWooWoo Keys they goin in the trunk WooWooWooWooWoo Fiends they don't give a uh [Marie Antoinette] And Flex couldn't save you even if he dropped a bomb in this You still gon be found in a ditch My name should be Robin Banks the way I be robbin banks I'm a fiend for the S-500 I want it Used to stay high and blunted, but all that had to stop Chick like me be chasin after cops And they don't stop at my block after the Diallo shootin Soldiers in waitin, marksmen recruitin Salutin, thug confederates, rhyme and reason Time and treatin, Air Force One we leavin Panama red, holdin 52 hands for ransom My man Johnny Handsome, itchin to cancel 'em I'm like hold up, wait a minute, let's get down to buisness We could shoot up everything soon as the deal is finished Blah, blah, I got two hours to kill We want like 5 mil in a private jet so peel [Supreme C] Supreme C been after mean figures, ask my lil nigga Since back in the days, before he was raised Aint nobody puttin fear in my heart, who need a jumpstart My art sharp, shoot your posse apart Nigga take you on one by one, gun by gun Son by son, done by done Whoever come murder fest, one of the best I'm gettin assets, collect ass bets, squat by your address I come to kick it wit you, walk beans stickin wit you Why try to hide from accomplice vibe Yo we break bread, break heads, my people shake feds Gamble and scramble, F what your man do It's all about this husltin game, muscle and fame Tussels in rain, take aim, blush you with game My language is unexplainable, switch, changeable And I stay remaindable, with bigger guns aimed at you HOOK [Hope] I run up in Da Cypha heavily armed with endless bars of metaphoric harm A python with poisonous charm, extending my arm Pushing figures way to the back Out of your reach, excessive like Fatal Attract Freeze, a renegade bar stroke, an ace of spades I'll kiss you wit a blade when I think I'm gettin played Made woman, you never in bed with the same woman You say you want it, you don't wanna see the omen When my sixth sense start flowin I bless like holy water I don't wanna die cuz I'm my daddy's only daughter But yo, sometimes I see the writin on the wall You know the ghetto testaments, the shootouts, the brawls Close frames in the hall, will you stand or will you fall Your whole click is on the run now would you tell it all About the night shifters, me, I'ma cypher drifter My sixteen bars is up so peace to the mixes HOOK 2X [Wyclef] October 31st I was standing by the sour These thugs don't wanna talk they want these Pumas I just bought Fresh outta school, picked on cuz I'm bilingual I barely spoke English but the gun language was universal Ran in the grocery store, spoke to Gabriel He said, you have problems, here's a feezy from Israel Ran back outside, just before I could say... another homicide Threw the biscuit in the bushes runnin like Jesse Owens Police showed up, but I was nowhere in existence Back in the crib thinkin bout what I just did I'ma police of defense but I'm bound to catch this bid My hypothesis was right, they knocked the door, homie Like a super in the projects wantin rent money Just when I thought I get my life straight in the states Is when I found myself climbin down the fire escape Bodies found in Virginia under the dumpsters, no 18 shell cases in front of the grocery sto' Flee the scene of the crime before y'all kick the door No your honor that must be some old rhyme that I wrote And lyrics sometime man they misinterpretate it For example when I say gun I mean my pen and paper And everytime I wave and spit the crowd jump Cuz I'm still Digital Underground like "humpty hump" Feel the funk comin through your elephant trunks I aint even *Kriss Kross* my clothes yet And yet y'all wanna "Jump, Jump" in Da Cypha, "Jump, Jump" You in Da Cypha HOOK OUTRO: Stay in the house when you hear WooWooWooWooWoo It means the murder's outside you hear WooWooWooWooWoo Where the real killers at you hear WooWooWooWooWoo Honey who chill with the gats you hear WooWooWooWooWoo Yo don't talk crap man WooWooWooWooWoo Just cuz your girl's wit you man WooWooWooWooWoo Cuz both o y'all gon go man WooWooWooWooWoo To a place where no man knows man WooWooWooWooWoo Femme fatale, Hope WooWooWooWooWoo Supreme C, kinda dope WooWooWooWooWoo Marie Antoinette in the back with the techs WooWooWooWooWoo Y'all know the flavor Refugee Camp... WooWooWooWooWoo... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ Earth, Wind & Fire, The Product G&B Album: The Ecleftic * 2 Sides II a Book Song: Runaway Typed by: BuBliShuGa@aol.com   [Wyclef] To my people doing time To my people rest in peace (y'all ready for the refugee camp?) Introducing Earth, Wind & Fire Yah yah yah  Come on come on come on   No money in my pocket  Gotta get a no limit So I became America's most wanted All I ever wanted was a fancy car A crib for my mom and a mastercard Baby you know it's in Hollywood New cop flicks with Clint Eastwood Went from a teen to a young adult No excuses aint't my fault [Bridge] Runaway We living like runaways Wake up Stretching in the morning Trying to make it through the day Brush my teeth Hit the streets Where there's heat  We afford to beef Hoping one day We don't have to run away (Gotta Escape) I didn't want to runaway    But I had to get a way yo (gotta get away) We didn't want to runaway But we had to get away yo (gotta get away) I didn't want to leave astray But sometimes I gotta get away yo (gotta get away) I didn't want to go away But I had to go away yo Yo G&B where you at? [Product G&B] Momma came home from a hard days work At day time a maid at night time a nurse Work so hard to make sure we survived Living a ghetto paradise Sometimes I wake up screaming in the middle of the night Hoping that darkness brings me light Praying for that better day where we won't have to runaway [Bridge] Runaway We living like runaways Wake up Stretching in the morning Trying to make it through the day Brush my teeth Hit the streets Where there's heat  We afford to beef Hoping one day We don't have to run away I didn't want to runaway    But I had to get a way yo (gotta get away) We didn't want to runaway But we had to get away yo (gotta get away) I didn't want to leave astray But sometimes I gotta get away yo (gotta get away) I didn't want to go away But I had to go away yo Ladies and gentleman Earth, Wind & Fire [Earth, Wind & Fire] Ba dow bo ba dow bo ba dow bo ba dow bo ba dow bo ba dow bo (da da da da da da ) (Feeling melly y'all) Ba dow bo Ba dow bo (More peace y'all) Ba dow bo Baw dow bo Ba dow bo Baw dow bo Bow da da da da [Bridge] Runaway We living like runaways Wake up Stretching in the morning Trying to make it through the day Brush my teeth Hit the streets Where there's heat  We afford to beef Hoping one day We don't have to run away [ChorusX2] I didn't want to runaway    But I had to get a way yo (gotta get away) We didn't want to runaway But we had to get away yo (gotta get away)  I didn't want to leave astray But sometimes I gotta get away yo (gotta get away) I didn't want to go away But I had to go away yo Yo y'all gonna make me do it I don't want to do it but here we go [Earth, Wind & Fire] ba y ya bay y ya bay y ay y ay y ay y ay y ya ba da ba ba ba (Ain't no samples this is original baby) ba y ya bay y ya bay y ay y ay y ay y ay y ya (Put em up y'all) ba da ba ba ba (Refugees) Ba da ba ba ba ba ba  Ba da ba ba ba ba ba da  Ba da ba ba ba ba ba  (I want to see everybody's hand in the air right now) y ay y ay y ay y ay y ya y ya (recognize the legends up in here) Uh! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean Album: The Ecleftic * 2 Sides II a Book Song: Perfect Gentleman Typed by: Spictastic@yahoo.com (This one's goin' out to the strip joints Yo, meet me at Suzy's Rendez-vous For every Go-Go Bar I'ma send this one out to the gentlemen's clubs Magic City, New York dogs, Rolex I be seeing y'all up in there late at night I understand when your girl is stressing you out (Crazy girls) Know what I'm saying? Don't let the ladies fool y'all now, fellas They be doin' the same thing y'all be doin' Turn up my symphony, man. Turn up my symphony! Drop a BEAT!) Just 'cuz she dances go-go It don't make her a ho, no Maxine, put your dance shoes on We going to the disco We gonna eeeelope to Meeeexico Called up my mama, said I'm in love with a stripper, yo [Verse 1] Ten grand, let me see you shake it like you got no  bones in your body and you was made to be a celebrity Twenty grand, know it's a sin, but before me you show  me a little more skin it would fulfill my fantasy Thirty grand, to the highest bidder but Chris Rock said, 'There's no sex in the champaigne room' Forty grand, looked into her eyes, I saw tears falling down, type of tears that money couldn't buy [Chorus 2X] [Verse 2] [Wyclef]  Excuse me, what is your name? [Hope]  Uh, my name is Hope, yo I was blessed with the body of the Goddesses Have you any idea how hard this is? I could flex in 25 positions But I only work here to pay my tuition Yo, tantalizing teaser Table-top pleaser Give me what I need a Mastercard a Visa Lap dance fantasy Picture us on and on white canopy Wyclef extended his hand to me Like Billy D. said he's feelin me Take me away from here, so far Where they ride horses, no cars No more stripping in bars Me and you 'Clef, against the odds [Chorus 2X] (Yo a lot of y'all sitting with y'all girls fronting like the budweiser commercial Talking bout, 'IIIIIII, I don't be going to the strip joints' You lying man! You'd be surprised who you see up in there man. I got one question for you liars, man) Shot callers, Wasn't you a preacher? You calling her a hooker? He without sin cast the first stone. I met her on the subway, she gave me that VIP card And told me if I ever have problems, Don't hesitate to come by, yeah, yeah, yeah [Chorus 2X] Call up my mama said I'm in love with a stripper yo! (Yo baby, can I get another lap dance? I tell you I got nothing but funny money, man. New York Dogs.) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean Album: The Ecleftic * 2 Sides II a Book/Next Friday sndtrk. Song: Low Income Typed by: ReyB7@aol.com [Intro] Let um feel the beat first I'm bout to come through your stereo Should I rhyme or start with the hook? Start with the hook To my people who don't wanna go to work  Thank God it's Friday Cover me she bout to put up her skirt Thank God it's Friday Do Your mom now you act so berserk Thank God it's Friday What's the track, what's the track girl? She don't wanna, she don't wanna work on Monday (I wanna thank my hood) [Verse 1] For makin me a star before I had fast cars And couldn't tell the difference between Whoppers and caviar  Before the fame Way before things changed All I wanted to do was freestyle and get a name I used to work at the fast food restaurant For minimum wage Dreamin I'm on stage At 17 I left the house  Cause my father was a minister And I didn't want the Marvin route What's goin on? Today to sell a song you need a video with soft porn MC's in the industry You wanna tip?  Don't let them pimp you like Goldy And tell Sony they better have my money Cause I play wit the Comodores and be like Lionel Richie Low Income, I stay so hungry that if 50 Cent came to rob me He'd be part of my charity (I wanna thank my hood) To my people cuttin hair in the shops Thank God it's Friday To the thugs sweatin up in the chop shops Yo, it's Friday To my people that don't got no job Everyday it's Friday What's the track, what's the track yo? She don't wanna, she don't wanna work on Monday All the Ladies sing [Ladies] I don't feel  Like cookin you no breakfast This mornin (Wyclef: All my hoodlums say) [Guys] Well, you don't have to cook me breakfast Cause your girlfriend will After you leave (I wanna thank my hood) [Verse 2] For the love of money I know kids who'll slit your throat Friday the 13th Jason wit a trench coat But you can't scare Suzie  Cause her man got so many uzi's you'd think he was Cadivi Meanwhile, she's getting her nails done Crystal clear so they could shine like wit diamonds It's such a shame what happened last week Man they found her under the sheets with a letter from the Son of Sam It said to tell New York I ain't sleepin You want to be clubbin then you better pack your heat in And to my man G Swar Rest in Piece I still poor liquor  1 draw on the cocoa leaf Inhale, exhale smoke grasses Polices in the area, but ain't no need to panic You wit Wyclef you getting in If not, then we gonna make CNN (I wanna thank my hood) To my people who don't wanna go to work Thank God it's Friday Cover me she bout to put up her skirt Thank God it's Friday Do your mom know you act so berserk? Thank God it's Friday What's the track, what's the track girl? She don't wanna she don't wanna work on Monday Yo, to my people cuttin here in the shops Thank God it's Friday To the thugs sweatin up in the chop shops Yo, it's Friday To my people who don't got no job  Everyday it's Friday What's the track, what's the track yo? She don't wanna she don't wanna work on Monday All the Ladies sing [Ladies] I don't feel  Like cookin you no breakfast This mornin (Wyclef: All my hoodlums say) [Guys] Well, you don't have to cook me breakfast Cause your girlfriend will After you leave Guitar Solo (Daddy, play that guitar) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ Whitney Houston Album: The Ecleftic * 2 Sides II a Book Song: Whitney Houston Dub Plate Typed by: dalyricalmaster@tupac.com (Wyclef Jean) Y'all wanna thank y'all for coming out tonight to see me Right now put your hands together for original, original diva, original dub plate No one can play this but Refugee's on the number 1 tour Now listen to Miss Whitney Houston (COME WITH IT!) (Whitney Houston) Yo, this is Whitney Houston Yes massive this is the original vocalist  I'd like to say rest in peace to Dennis Brown If tomorrow is Judgement Day (light is in the air) And I'm standing on the front line (AIYYO!) Um, and the Lord asks me what I did with my life I would say: "Wyclef murdered a sound boy" (YO, HUH!) If I wake up in World War III  (IF YOU BELIEVE IN THE MOST HIGH HANDS IN THE AIR!) I see the destruction in poverty  (EAST COAST, WEST COAST, HEY, HEY!) And I feel like I wanna go home (SOUTH SIDE!) It's okay, as long as Wyclef is with me (North Side, Jamaican, Caribbeanon, Haitian hands in the air, everybody, hey!) My love is your dubbing, your dub is my dub It would take an eternity to break us and the chains of Armistad couldn't hold us. My sound is your sound 'cause the refugee sound is your sound. It would take an eternity to break us and a million sound boys will die before us (Wyclef Jean) This for the hardcore, before I had the record deal youknowhatI'msayin'? I'ma take y'all back when I was walking down the street My little girl saying: Yo Clef, that nigga tryin' to stick with somethin' Walk over to him and said: Yo... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean Album: The Ecleftic * 2 Sides II a Book Song: However You Want It Typed by: obi1one@hotmail.com HOOK: However you want it, you don't want it, cuz when you get it it hurts Your body carried out the church Mom, she be cryin holdin on to her purse sayin... (oh my baby!) They shoulda took me first However you want it, you don't want it, cuz when you get it it hurts Your body carried out the church Mom, she be cryin holdin on to her purse sayin... (oh...) [Verse 1] Aiyyo What y'all thought I was too busy writin songs with Whitney Houston Cuz *My Love's your Love* will be my slugs wit blood For any thug that wanna bang and play orangutang Find yourself in the river with the rest of them Wake up, wake up, I'm in a nightmare dream Where I found myself loadin magazines after magazines Ski mask on my face, gun on my waist Fine pens shakin in my hand as I write this next line You look strange, shootin victims at close range And saw his vein burst from his neck, as I snatched his chain Is this a Bible, I used to read the Gospel Until I got betrayed by one of my twelve disciples Which one, look through the crowd son You could spot the traitor wit a tatto on his arm The symbol is a microphone, an intellectual A wannabe Rakim, but too extraterrestrial I heard he's lethal and I'm too rusty to battle him Me being rusty is like Biggie not being *Born Again* It never happen, watch who you call fam On MTV, he painted himself as the tin man Predicted platinum, way before it happened So that's why when you ship gold, you only sold aluminum And now you wanna tell everybody I messed up your record? C'mon! HOOK [Verse 2] You a thug? You aint a murderer, just an undercover caligula Cuz when you saw the luger became silent like Caesar Enough of this rap stuff, Sedeck take his watch If I wasn't rappin, I'd take that stash in your left socks Don't make me raise my voice cuz I'm masterin a coo So, and besides when they find you you'll be bones Mom say watch my peers, hangin like chandeliers Orderin Don P, you couldn't pay for one beer Perpetratin, a fraud, oh god, you aint hard Take thirty of y'all to murder one kid on the boulevard You want Wyclef Jean, bring your same thug guys Here's my advice, leave the ring with your bride Cuz you aint comin back no more We gon send you to a vacation for two, with crabs on the seashore You freeze up, hold up I really thought you was psychotic Is that tears in your eyes? You cryin for your life Kid you tellin me what you did, you didn't wanna do Watch what you say on record cuz it might come true HOOK Outro: Should I take them? Should I wait? Should I take them? Should I wait? Should I take them? Should I wait? I say *No Woman, No Cry* like I should own a piece of the estate But at the tribute they didn't invite me So I put in a call to Halis Alassi He said be easy, aint no need to bust a shot (BLOW! BLOW! BLOW! BLOW!) Like Supercat said, yo the ghetto's red hot Before bling, bling, bling it was BLING, BLING, BLING! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ Small World Album: The Ecleftic * 2 Sides II a Book Song: Hollyhood to Hollywood Typed by: dalyricalmaster@tupac.com, lalao@free.fr (Small World) Blame, blame, whose dat with you again? (The ride, the ride) Yes black, where's my jewels at? (Uptown, uptown, uptown, uptown...) (Wyclef Jean) Yo, let's get back to the hardcore right now Underground hip-hop yo (french singer) Elle a toutes les qualités, mon grand défaut c'est de t'aimer... This one's a gangsta tune, whassup Fosha? I'ma send this one out to all the refugee gangs around the world Signal, signal, y'all need to chill with the driveby's (french singer) arrête, arrête ne me touche pas!... It was the Fourth of July I heard the cherry bomb bang Stay in the house that’s the sound of the gangs, Clef By the time we figured out what happened I was in an ambulance tellin my cousin keep breathing (Chorus: Wyclef Jean) Don't wear your colours here, that cemetery gear I got my gun and nine, killing's my appetite  (but that ain't right y'all) DON'T WEAR YOUR COLOURS HERE! That cemetery gear (California, California) I got my gun and nine from Hollywood, to your neck of the hood (Wyclef Jean) True, true, yo Hollywood got a lot of kids twisted Jumpin in and out of limo's thinkin is his ass really gifted The only gift y'all possess is workin with the triple six's Y'all disguise yourself with bandanas and diamond necklaces Mosta y'all can't even go back to the hood where y'all grew up Actin like y'all drink alcohol and all y'all do is throw up Talk about when y'all blow up y'all gonna visit the project floors But the last time they saw y'all was 1984 Now y'all wonder, why they got all hoodies screamin "freeze" Get out the navigator, Godfather III's in the DVD They hoppin, they take your car for a spin It's cold outside so all you feel is the wind There's no celly phone, so you can't phone home Oh lord, here come those criminals Maleeg & Jerome ("Yo, who you know here, you got family over here?") He a rap artist  ("I don't care, he got the wrong colours over here, no fear") Now you look shook like that Mobb Deep song I'm surprised, cause on all y'all records you was Al Capone And come to find out that you never held a chrome And you escaped the draft and never bust a shot in Vietnam Now you standin in the form amongst the children of the corn Like the Sun of Man stood with a crown made of thorns The only difference is for you there'll be no resurrection Cause it's a traffic jam, they got you locked up in a intersection (Chorus: Wyclef Jean) Don't wear your colours here, that cemetery gear I got my gun and nine, killing's my appetite  (but that ain't right y'all) DON'T WEAR YOUR COLOURS HERE! (Colours) That cemetery gear (Chicago, Chicago) I got my gun and nine from Hollywood, to your neck of the hood (Small World) Yo, Hollywood has half-man be hollow to you How could you have slipped through while I was detecting the trick that's in you Pretending you pitbull, when really your candy-ass is poodle We wouldn't of hit you, hammers have already been cocked and cleaned, yo, it was who? It's click-up, click-up, north cackus, commence to stick up That's what's within us, cack and lack, clap, buck killers quicker Stick up the forest misters then head up to chickens with 'em Adrenaline's givin, when I riff with the fifth to your chin-in You never knew bout how we play these innings But you about to play the commission Waves are spinning, I'm out the glaze I'm sh...ing The real is missing but the fraud is evident ever so clear, but you got the nerd to come around here with pounds of fear Your colours wrong you must rock edible dons with that huh? Damn Paul, what's that huh? Let me get that, with the quick snatch If it's a little man in you then I better put the trick back And if it's anything killers is fearing, I know my clit stacked for realer (Chorus: Wyclef Jean) Don't wear your colours here, that cemetery gear I got my gun and nine, killing's my appetite  (but that ain't right y'all) DON'T WEAR YOUR COLOURS HERE! (Colours) That cemetery gear (Detroit, Detroit) I got my gun and nine from Hollywood, to your neck of the hood (Outro: Wyclef Jean) Tell the FBI that I won't be home tonight Tell the Secret Service I won't be home tonight Colours, put away your colours whoa, colours... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ MB^2, Yossou N'Dour Album: The Ecleftic * 2 Sides II a Book Song: Diallo Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Wyclef as Amadou] Boy I am so tired I'll be glad when I get inside the house Oh, I dropped my keys Oh what tis bright light? My God they must gonna rob me Who these people with them all at they gonna rob me I'm gonna take out my wallet to make sure they just get the money Nothing else.. (??) Oh it's the police (*whew*) I feel so much better I will show them, I have my ID so they know I am good people {*followed by a rapid flurry of gunshots*} [Wyclef Jean] Even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death I fear no evil for thou art with me thou ride with me J-J-Jah! Ras-tafari I can't forget you knotty dreads, y'all up in here I gotta respect that, youknowhatI'msayin? Night is in the air Enemy.. on the borderline Who'll be the next to fire forty-one shots by Diallo's side? You said he reached sir but he didn't have no piece sir But now he rest in peace sir in the belly of the beast sir You guys are vampires in the middle of the night Suckin on human blood Is that your appetite? You said he reached sir but he didn't have no piece sir But now he rest in peace sir in the belly of the beast sir Have you ever been shot forty-one times? Have you ever screamed and no one heard you cry? Have you ever died only so you can live? Have you ever lived only so you can die again, then be born again from these enemies, on the borderline Who'll be the next to fire forty-one shots by Diallo's side? You said he reached sir but he didn't have no piece sir But now he rest in peace sir in the belly of the beast sir You guys are vampires in the middle of the night Suckin on human blood Is that your appetite sir? You said he reached sir but he didn't have no piece sir But now he rest in peace sir in the belly of the beast sir Diallo, Diallo - similar to Steven Biko Diallo, Diallo - you told me the murder was an error Diallo, Diallo - but every man will be judged Diallo, Diallo - according to his words Have you ever been held against your will? Taken to a dark place where not even scientists can reveal? So what is for Ceasar let it be for Ceasar Cause we don't want no peace We want equal rights and justice.. for Diallo, Diallo - similar to Steven Biko Diallo, Diallo - you tell me that the murder was an error Diallo, Diallo - but every man will be judged Diallo, Diallo - according to his words You know what? You told me - that I wouldn't understand man Tonight some cry - in the streets a burial Survival of the fittest - only the strong will survive How can I survive - with forty-one shots by my side? You guys are murderers in the middle of the night Killin innocent people is that your appetite? Ohhh You said he reached sir but he didn't have no piece sir But now he rest in peace sir in the belly of the beast sir You guys are vampires in the middle of the night Suckin on human blood Is that your appetite? You said he reached sir but he didn't have no piece sir But now he rest in peace sir in the belly of the beast sir - lick a shot for Diallo, Diallo - similar to Steven Biko Diallo, Diallo - I can hear your spirit callin, I can hear it Diallo, Diallo - Ten thousand chariots with no riders Diallo, Diallo - They on they way to America, I hear the tribe singin They're sayin -  Diallo Diallo, tuye' Diallo (14X) Se menm jen yo te tuye Matim Luther King Amadou Diallo.. [samples] Now there ain't but 20,000 police in the whole town Can you dig it? Can you dig it? CAN YOU DIG IT?!?! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean Album: The Ecleftic * 2 Sides II a Book Song: Something About Mary Typed by: sakarit@saunalahti.fi Yo, I'm a dedicate this to everybody that was at Woodstock '99 DMX, Limp Bizkit, Sheryl Crow amongst many Yo, just before I got on stage this chick came on to me She offered me sumthin It looked kinda strange, it was in a bag I said "Yo, girl let me talk to you real quick" Yo I don't sniff cocaine 'cause it mess up my brain For sexual stimulation I never did no ecstasy I don't pop pills, I never did no LSD but I wouldn't mind a kiss from Ms. Mary 'Cause She's homegrown and you can hold her in her backyard She's homegrown and you can get a kiss in her backyard I remember when I was a young boy I waited for my grandad, "So daddy can I get a puff?" He looked at me, he says "Son, man, you're too young kid" "When you get older now and you understand that" "I let you get one kiss from Ms. Mary" 'Cause She's homegrown and you can grow her in her backyard She's homegrown and you can hold her in her backyard If she allows you to you can roll her up She's homegrown and you can kiss her in her backyard She's homegrown - I like to be with you Ms. Mary - in your backyard That's when she looked at me and she said  "Wyclef this' what I want you to do son" Come on  Inhale - exhale Exhale - inhale Inhale - exhale Now hold it now Inhale - exhale Inhale - exhale Exhale - inhale Now breath in my face Marijuan' Marijuan' She said that She's homegrown and you can grow her in her backyard She's homegrown, she said "'Clef, I'll kiss you in my backyard" And my daddy don't need to know She said that I'm homegrown and you can grow me in your backyard I'm homegrown and you don't need to worry for my backyard That's when I said, "I'ma get in trouble, I gotta go girl" This' what she said Laa la-laa laa laa, strictly la-la, to take me higher, and higher (2X) Laa la-laa laa laa, strictly la-la, to take me higher I'm about to take it higher (4X - in the background) Come on y'all, come on y'all, come on Yo, I want for everybody sleeping on my guitar skills It's about to beat on right about now Turn my guitar up yo! What up Jimi Hendrix, I'll see you baby Yo, Carlos Santana, thanks for the lessons baby Yo, Steve Rod, I ain't forgettin you man To the godfather B.B. King and to my man Eric Clapton I think I'm forgettin somebody, man The Artist, ha-haaaaa Yo, Jerry Wonder, man,  you're playin that bass like Bootsie Collins, man Don't hurt 'em baby boy Uh, Wyclef, Jerry Wonder man, new Millenium man, I told ya The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean Album: The Ecleftic * 2 Sides II a Book Song: Wish You Were Here Typed by: originalthought@hotmail.com [Wyclef Jean] Lets go So so you think you can tell heaven from hell Blue skies from pain Can you tell a green field from a cold steel rail A smile from a fair do you think you can tell Did they get you to trade your heros for goals Hot ashes for trees Hot air for a cool breeze Cold comfort for change Did you exchange A walk on part in the war for a lead role in the game whether you listenin to hip hip-hop or you tuning to rock refugees on your box we gonna take over ya blocks lets go How I wish, how I wish you were here We're jus two lost souls swimming in a fish bowl year after year Runnin over the same old ground But have we found the same old fears Wish you were here whether you listenin to rock or pumpin the hip hip hop refugees on your box Critics don't mistake this for just any cover tune I'ma take y'all to the "Dark Side of the Moon" Kickin in my moms room this song was just a thought A young refugee labeled, jus come with a passport Dad used to tell me about the American dream My dream was waking up the projects A young teen listenin to hip-hop, my brother tuned me into rock Put me up on Pink Floyd, a band from the British blocks whether you pumpin the hip hip hop or you tuning to rock refugees on your box we gonna take over the blocks from n.j to bk to the u.k The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean Album: Masquerade Song: Peace God Typed by: ogluv2@yahoo.fr * * send corrections to the typist (Intro) I'm only eight I got no choice but to sling crack Yo who you pushin weight for Dog I ain't no rat Cause rats get found in the back of garbage trucks With they mouth taped up Lookin like sittin ducks Well you don't look like a sittin duck and your mouth ain't taped up What more small the market, Clef You get stuck up With what From a fiend I just bought a twenty-two Now it's funny you should say that Cause the gun looks bigger than you Now get your ass back in the house Shut up! ** From BK back to NJ Crouchin tiger style Let's go [Continuous Humming] Feel it Feel it Peace God Chorus Peace God You gave me the voice to speak, God Speak God Wyclef Jean bout to hit the streets hard Peace God Peace You gave me the voice to speak, God Masquerade- my message to the streets, y'all Repeat Yo peace God These words came from a revelation Whether you free or you going through incarceration Inhale, exhale herbal meditation Put the fire arms away Cause we don't want no confrontation Not me, I'm talkin bout you jerk Cause when you die your life ain't even worth the paperwork So, peace God, even through war we bring peace And after the blood shed then your first son deceased And you will understand I'm the beginning of the end The alpha, omega, the present, and the future So hold on to your winchester Cause the hollow tip penetrate lead through your polyester Peace God, even though we ice the wrist Guzzle the fifth Protect us with a crucifix, Lord And bless me with an extra clip So just in case one jam release my twin from my waistband [Chorus x 2] Ay, yo peace God I ain't tryin' to see the graveyard But in this game of life I was dealt the wrong card I wasn't born this way it just came to be Sellin crack through a alley where the fiends rally Where the dealer was the president And the fiend was the voter so they voted for the government And stick ups was only natural It seem every other day a new gun pointed at you Peace God Yo only God got the answer And sorry bout ya mom dyin of cancer But congratulations, I heard you no longer a runner You a big man now, the black Tony Montana But watch out cause I heard wealth bring envy Trust me I did sing for the Kennedies Until we meet again feel my words through my pen And stay pure in the city of sin [Chorus x 2] [Humming] [Chorus x 2] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean Album: Masquerade Song: The PJ's Typed by: bootleg210@msn.com Mmmmmmmmm... yeah [Wyclef] (PJ's!) I was born in the PJ's So I gotta rep for the PJ's The elevators with the pissy hallways Bangin on the project walls, all day [Verse 1] Yo if it wasn't for the PJ's y'all probably never heard of me Y'all be like, "Who the hell is Wyclef, and what's a Fugee?" I'd probably be standin on a corner - watch you approach Steal ya dope, sell ya coke, then snatch ya rope Run for brokes with the cash and the jewels Bows-eye, I hold my breath when I shoot The reason you should hold ya breath; cuz most thugs when they breathe and shoot tecs, they aim right but shoot left Now they flesh being swept off the surface If you ain't B.I.G., you ain't Notorious So why ya man reckless, side-ballin like he holdin heat Someone bring him a bed, for the permanent sleep Weight beneath Jacob's Latter and the Aftermath Don't matter if you use a desert eagle as your armor Blood splatter, glass shatter through the project slums Another one in the obituary column son (PJ's!) I was born in the PJ's So I gotta rep for the PJ's The elevators with the pissy hallways Bangin on the project walls, all day (PJ's) I gotta make noise for the PJ's Wrote my first rhyme in the PJ's You can hear it in my speech, I'm from the PJ's The PJ's! PJ's [Verse 2] Before I was signed, I used to move on the block All I wanted to do was rhyme, rhyme, rhyme Line for line, I make the blind man walk in a straight line to prison - and take a message to Shyne Peace God from the PJ's to Ground Zero It's a "Hardknock Life" but "The Sun'll Come Out Tomorrow" Walk with a shadow through ghettos, playin in every borough You would think rap was rock they way I carry heavy metal It such a shame, cocaine in ya veins, screamin "Team Spirit" grippin the shottie like Kurt Cobaine In the projects God, nuttin come easy Gotta deal with the grimy, greasy, the sleasy Move like a professional, young thug funeral Wattchu thought this was another Pepsi commercial? Nah it's the art of war, when you least expected it Wyclef the president, the PJ's elected him [Verse 3] Yeah, and to the teachers that said I wouldn't live and my remains would be found under the Verizano Bridge Well I'm alive teach! So put ya theory to rest I ain't Makaveli but I might fake my death Make no mistake, I'm a hip-hop artist Before the diamond in the Billboard, the hood charted it Surburbia bought it, we bootlegged it, we couldn't afford it Cuz in the PJ's we undergroudn like black markets The 'P' stand for public housing The 'R's for respect that ya get, when ya hold down ya set The 'O's for ounces that we flip into ki's The 'J's for the judgement handed by the ju-ry The 'E' is for enter, at your own risk You know the 'C' - that's for the cats that's out to get rich And the 'T'... trust no one And the 'S' is for the snitchers - you know the outcome... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean Album: Masquerade Song: 80 Bars Typed by: chanedogg@hotmail.com [Intro: Wyclef] 80 bars, 80 scars Yo, engineer turn me up, yo [Wyclef] I started off in the underground			  From mono to stereo, now I'm surround sound Blowing through your tubes, leaving holes through your speakers Cracking through your tweeters, my frequency's off the meter Jam packed arenas from here to Bangkok I'm ahead of my time like Jimi Hendrix playing Woodstock Me, I'm playing Hoodstock before I had the dreadlocks I use to reminisce "Should I do music or sell rocks?" Wrote my own props, living in the PJ's That's when the Angel came to you and said "It's all a Masquerade"  Eyes with no faces, speakers with no lace I feel that Earth's spinnin, but I'm standin in the same space With no trace of what happened last night I seen two fiends fighting over a crack pipe Now I'm watching TV, my antennae was a close hanger Blurry vision, Mister McGee Hunn, David Banner Flip the data, the kids was wearin bandanas Totin hammers aimin at your medulla oblongata Blaow blaow, a young thug with a slim figure The romantic type like the movie "Castle Blanca" Herbs, sell 'em once, got busted by undercover Buyer, my supplier was a Gypsy cab driver That's when I realize I need to find a new hustle Living in the jungle to get taught became my muscle  I strive through snake eyes who wanted me crucified I thought that I was drowning but I was getting baptized Now behold, I heard you sold 20 mill' But with no street credibility, your overkill You ain't real, talkin bout keep it gangsta Phony, if you knew the gangstas sent me to shank you		 Gank you, gank you, tie up your ankles And if that ain't enought, I call Henchman's to linch you Now, at the funeral, I can see the Priest bless you But in the after life, I'ma still touch you Knockin on heavens door, your beggin to get in That's when the center man greets you with the face of Satan Now you look frightened in the belly of the whale That's when the warden say "I wanna welcome you to hell" Fools, is 5 bucks, get off the phone, times up I seen him cut from his head to his nuts You wish you wouldn't, wish you couldn't, wish it got to me Cause you screamin so loud that a deaf man can hear Back to the silence, no more droppin science Er'body rappin about diamonds and violence And they ain't are's, all they do is charge credit cards And when the bill comes, they blame it on the rap stars Now how you figure? I ain't rent a car  I wasn't at the spa, I ain't by the bar Now here's a jewel when you get your first record deal Don't subject yourself to the mass appeal First Class, caviar in the vel' In the new S Class with the Jordan wheels Remember, the music in the streets like the streets You know the cold of the streets, er'body tryin to eat The evidence is concrete, I'm tired of the same song You take me how, you must be high off heroin Sharper than I ever been, this one gon get a 10 Rappers, I'ma murder y'all with your own medicine I move with faith, I never have doubt I'm so hungry you will think I'm just coming out But I been here before, from "Blun" to "The Score"  To "The Carnival", Ecleftic World Tour I'm causin whores, waitin in the back doors They want me to rock they boat and shift they more short That's when the Father said "Take me to this lesson" They wanna cut your hair like Deliala did Sampson I felt that, so I went back to my format Raps and backpack, gats for carjacks Hats for pussycats, cause Aids, I don't want that And for the DJ's, here's something y'all can scratch Technique 12, Benito hits the watts Hypnotize the crowd, the dance floor is jam packed Now sing along like a negro spiritual No one got shot tonight, it's a miracle What's this I hear, y'all wanna take my spot? You got a better chance putting a gorilla in a headlock I'm too focused, I can see through your lens You ain't a G, just a wanna be, Kingpin said...  "The next time, y'all wanna pay for protection I suggest that you hit up the Haitian Sicilians" [Outro] 80 bars, 80 scars 80 bars, 80 scars 80 bars, 80 scars 80 bars The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ Bumpy Knuckles, M.O.P. Album: Masquerade Song: Masquerade Typed by: rodneyjgreene@hotmail.com [Wyclef] (Billy Danze) The streets is mad right now (Tell em' why we mad!) Rappers whatever you call yourselves pack your bags and get outta town (Get outta town! Get out!) Cause I'ma strike down on thee with grave vengeance and furious anger Those who attempt to poison the hood I'ma let y'all know the preacher's son is back! (Waiya!) Uh, Refugees One time, M.O.P. (Oh, oh, oh, oh) Two times, uh, Bumpy Knuckles (Oh, oh, oh, oh) Now the world is in trouble, come on (Oh, oh) Yo, you're number one on the charts! (You're a masquerade!) Paying for your Billboard slots! (You're a masquerade!) Because the block knows hot! (You're a masquerade!) You're livin' in a, you're livin in a (Masquerade!) I'm on first so this ain't a rap verse it's more like a voodoo curse So when you die kids'll throw rocks at your hearse Cause you lie too much you ain't got no gat at your arms reach Just aimed it at your headpiece now you pissin' in your briefs Hold up we just saw you on your BET, your MTV Your public access channel talkin' bout 'I'm a thug!' You're an animal, a cannibal, you even scared Hannibal But when the blackout came, no lights for your candles So welcome to the real world where a spade is a spade And I'ma call it like I see it and ya'll livin in a masquerade Even though Jacob iced you out with the bagette Money with no respect, that makes you a suspect So you can't ride through Brownsville You wan't peace, you better call Churchill If not feel Clef when he connects with M.O.P. family And plays guitar at your eulogy You wanna claim you run the blocks! (You're a masquerade!) Givin' information to the cops! (You're a masquerade!) Howc ome you've never seen a rock! (You're a masquerade!) You're livin' in a, you're livin in a (Masquerade!) [Billy Danze] (Lil' Fame) Uh, uh, uh Now you grimey little bastards line up, times up, I'm up (They see it) William Danze'll show you how to get it crunk (I'm still) plottin' with Fox (to death) I do it with Clef (Forever) We're world mackin' thats to the death Nigga blast (blast) blast royalty you dumpsters better get back Before you get a setback and get clapped That's it and that's that, Clap! (Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow! Blow!) Now I'm gone nigga haul that Take all that and fall back [Lil' Fame] (Billy Danze) I kick too much ass (kick ass) to rock shoes by Prada Fuck Gucci shoes Timbs mo' hotter (hah) We still ? down shit The street don't want that watered down shit Nigga Fame we clear the whole stage (uh) You don't wanna ride niggas we got road rage! [Wyclef] (M.O.P.) Now I'ma let my hoods out! (You're a masquerade!) Unless you feedin' the dogs! (You're a masquerade!) That's why we steal and we rob! (You're a masquerade!) You're livin' in a, you're livin in a (Masquerade!) [Bumpy Knuckles] I'm here, I'm here Sixteen bars of murder here murder baby this ain't a facade Niggas pumping they fist like they punchin' at God Over ten years rippin' emcees I bring it hard Don't make me split your chest and pull your guard R&B singer the greatest and now barred Cause he been feelin' on booties of too young cuties Got more bombs left you punk niggas Reach to shake the Bumpy hand you got no arms left You ain't a pimp nigga you ain't a mack You keep bitches in the house all day I keep them on the track Drinkin' coke cold wearin' long mink coats black Hear them twelve inch stillettos tappin' through the ghetto I can see it in your eyes lil nigga you ain't a part Of shake a niggas hand, shake a nigga hard I keep the underground in shape and never be soft You wanna make it like the fat naked bitches turnin' me off! [Wyclef] (M.O.P.) Now I'ma let my hoods out! (You're a masquerade!) Unless you feedin' the dogs! (You're a masquerade!) That's why we steal and we rob! (You're a masquerade!) You're livin' in a, you're livin in a (Masquerade!) Miri Ben-Ari won't you take 'em to the middle east [Billy Danze] (Lil' Fame) Uh uh uh (uh) uh (uh) Uh (uh) uh uh (uh) uh (uh) Uh uh (uh) uh (uh) yeah (uh) Yeah (yeah) yeah (uh) yeah (yeah) waiya! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ Butch Cassidy, Big Jack, Sharissa Album: Masquerade Song: You Say Keep it Gangsta Typed by: chanedogg@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [B] Wyclef, Butch Cassidy, Sharissa [W] What up [S] Unnnnnh! [B] From the West Indies to the West Coast [W] Callabo [B] You say keep it gangsta [Chorus: Wyclef] (Butch Cassidy) But when the beef come, you're the first to run (YOU SAY KEEP IT GANGSTA) Yo, that ain't your gun, it belongs to... (YOU SAY KEEP IT GANGSTA) You roll with a hundred, but when the beef come don't nobody want it (Gangster, la la la la, la la la la) [Wyclef] (Butch Cassidy) I want to dedicate this chant to my people locked down livin life in the yard (KEEP IT GANGSTA) Keep a shank boofed up in their tape just in case a thug wanna play hard (KEEP IT GANGSTA) All this ice-grillin talk bout you King of New York, now you wanna call a guard  (THAT AIN'T GANGSTA) But it's too late when the guard show up cause your body's going straight to the morgue (KEEP IT GANGSTA) [Chorus: Wyclef] (Butch Cassidy) But when the beef come, you're the first to run (YOU SAY KEEP IT GANGSTA) Yo, that ain't your gun, it belongs to... (YOU SAY KEEP IT GANGSTA) You roll with a hundred, but when the beef come don't nobody want it (...GANGSTER) [Butch Cassidy] (Wyclef & Sharissa) I wanna dedicate this jam to the ladies holdin spots when they fellows lock down (KEEP IT GANGSTA) Keep a glock in they pocket blowin shots till they pray I'm in town (KEEP IT GANGSTA) And to the snitch that ratted on rich the streets got you 16 rounds (THAT AIN'T GANGSTA) But theres only one place for a gully rat, six feet under the ground (YOU SAY KEEP IT GANGSTA) I'm gon keep it gangsta (YOU SAY KEEP IT GANGSTA) La la la la, la la la la (YOU SAY KEEP IT GANGSTA) [Chorus: Wyclef] (Butch Cassidy) You roll with a hundred, but when the beef come don't nobody want it (...GANGSTER) [Big Jack] (Butch Cassidy) Pick it up, pick it up, pick it up Yo, stop with the posin Y'all ain't really holdin I'm about to open, a chapter of the Omen Casket, closin, bodies, frozen I've, been chosen, y'all forsaken Ante up, so the chains get taken Flash backs of the rock season in the making Ain't no more MC'n, ice is just gleamin And you wonder why you got robbed, cause your life had no meaning, fake gangsta (YOU SAY KEEP IT GANGSTA) [Chorus: Wyclef] (Butch Cassidy) But when the beef come, you're the first to run (YOU SAY KEEP IT GANGSTA) Yo, that ain't your gun, it belongs to... (YOU SAY KEEP IT GANGSTA) You roll with a hundred, but when the beef come don't nobody want it (...GANGSTER) Nobody, nobody, nobody (YOU SAY KEEP IT GANGSTA) [Sharissa] (Butch Cassidy) Now what would you do if Henchman's came for you? (GANGSTA) 9 out of 10 times you would flea your crew (GANGSTA) So people your lying say you running these streets (YOU SAY KEEP IT GANGSTA) You better watch out cause they have heat (GANGSTA) Now what would you do if Big Jack came for you? (GANGSTA) 9 out of 10 times you would leave your crew (GANGSTA) So people your lying say you running these streets (GANGSTA) You better watch out cause they have heat [Butch Cassidy] Gangsta I'm gonna keep it gangsta You say keep it gangsta La la la la, la la la la You say keep it gangsta Gangsta You say keep it gangsta The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean Album: Masquerade Song: Party Like I Party Typed by: ogluv2@yahoo.fr * * send corrections to the typist Yo it's a lot a tension on this dance floor right now A lot a thugs A lot a thugettes A lot a sets A lot a projects A lot a hungry people I can't take this pressure no more I gotta scream for the people, man Ay Ay To my killers in the club wit the burners that be screamin out blow Ain't no need to shoot tonight To my ladies that be shakin they ass to that Wyclef sound We gon get in crunk tonight To my ballers and my ballettes that be comin to the party high style Y'all better watch y'all jewels tonight If you smoke like I smoke in your high life everyday I'm talkin bout Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday Yo you don't wanna beef cause if I pull artillery You and your man'll be sorry Cause I ain't come for war I just came to dance So grab a shorty Let's party today You and I know that you can't win That's why you standin by the bouncer for protection Clef ain't the one for the testin You better off steppin before I clay your section Anyway Back to the girls that keep it movin Teflon keep it groovin We got you in the mood-n After the club we can take a ride I got this new G5 on dubs outside Yo you can call your crew and I can call my crew and we could do this every weekend Cause if you party like I party dem niggas call 911 everyday I'm talkin bout Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday If you ain't from my hood you get robbed like every day I'm talkin bout Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday Friday, Saturday, Sunday, anyway Now the night is through girl what you wanna do Like Bubba Sparxxx let's get ugly You and I know that you want this So tell your girls follow us in they Lexus Back to the Delano, the W, the Sheraton, the Mondrian It's the after party If you drink like I drink then you drunk like everyday I'm talkin bout Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday Ay yo, Clef, pass dem keys dog You toe down, baby Ay Ay If you smoke like I smoke then you high like everyday I'm talkin bout Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean  Album: Masquerade Song: What a Night Typed by: chanedogg@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist [Inrto: Wyclef] It's funny how the Earth rotates, man you never know what's  going to happen, ya know mean? All I said was "Aiight, I got this chiki bang bang dang da dang" Then it all got it started for me, man Yo, man I'm just getting back from the tour, man What it be like, man? Yo, bust it, turn me up Somebody told me if you can make in New York City, man, you can  make it anywhere else, man Somehow I believe that shhhh [Chorus] (Wyclef) Oh, what a night Late December, 1993 (what happened?) Who thought he would rule the industry? What an MC on the grind [Wyclef] Yo, I ain't always have whips, I ain't always have yachts I ain't always have chips, I ain't always have rocks Matta fact I was a grimey little negro Who said if music didn't work, I'd sell diesel What cha'll thought, I wasn't raised in the projects? First of the month waitin for that PA check Lived on the first floor Were so poor that if you rung the buzzer the roaches would answer the door (who is it?) I went from boy to man in one night When I saw my life flash like light from poltergeist What made it worse, I couldn't speak English But from his facial expressions, he wanted my Adidas So hurry up and come out and play I'll be damned if I leave bare-footed in this hallway And I got big plans, so beg your pardon Cause next year this time I'ma sell out the Garden [Wyclef] Yo, yo, I ain't gonna brag and boast and say I did it all But I'm the only rapper to play Carnegie Hall The first rap group, video cost a million First rapper to ever rep for the Haitians And sa fa say, na boolay Grammy night, we took 3 away 22 million sold, I can't believe this There's still ain't a rapper alive who could achieve this But I ain't satisfied, when back to my home contemplating How could I become the next Quincy Jones? That's when Jerry hit me up on the horn and said  "Clef, your on the cover of the cover of The Source by The Rolling Stones" No more struggling, good life we loving it You could live it too, if you only publish it So here we go, so what's the scenario? I own so many cars that I'm renting 'em for videos  The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ Tom Jones Album: Masquerade Song: Pussycat Typed by: webmaster@mattv.zzn.com [Intro: Tom Jones] Pussycat, Pussycat I love you Yes, I do You and [Wyclef Jean] We gon send this one out to all the pussycats strugglin out there Let's go [Chorus: Wyclef Jean w/ Tom Jones ad-libs] Whoa, whoa, whoa (What's new pussycat?) See dat pussycat (Whoa, whoa, whoa) Whoa, whoa, whoa See dat pussycat (Whoa, whoa, whoa) Whoa, whoa, whoa See dat pussycat (Whoa, whoa, whoa) Whoa, whoa, whoa [Verse One: Wyclef Jean] Pussycat, lay back, take a sip of this yak Feel me on this track Girl let me spell out pussycat You're the p-u-s-s-y-c-a-t That's Clef in the drop Lex Keep the prophylactics for safe sex Manicure, pedicure, human hair from the Korean stores Ghetto cats, got your back I keep a gat for the alley cats Sexy cat, rough cat Doggy style on the floor mat But make sure you wear your mitten Or pay child support for your kitten What's new pussycat Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa [Repeat Chorus] [Verse Two: Wyclef Jean] Hold up wait a minute To all my hood kitties Don't you pull your claws There'll be none of that on the dance floor For the battle cats I got metaphors You don't wanna test You got sweaty paws Which part you don't understand Don't let it be another cat scan Talk a ice when my shine reacts I leave you blind wit a cataract, aiyyo But did anybody see my bobcat, anybody It's been three weeks and we still haven't spoken - oh no She found some mitten inside of my glove compartment I said it wasn't mine She said I was one cat that was lyin So hey kitty-kitty meet me in the city You know dogs we always on the gritty gritty Freaky deaky in the pretty puddy-puddy So baby girl let me ride the pony pony What's new pussycat Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa [Repeat Chorus x3] [Verse Three: Wyclef Jean] Yo where my freaky cats ready to do anything Put the blind fold on Girl let me feel your tongue ring, bling Now I'ma quick cat Before your mama get back cat Let me hit this with the quickness Feel my physical I'm fitness Ay, baby turn the A/C on It's hot up in here The way I stroke your fur I make you wanna pur Up in here Sweat's coming down your back Like drops of rain Say my name Say my name, baby [Repeat Chorus] [Outro: Wyclef Jean and singer] To all my independent cats raisin kittens on through own their own Oh, hold your own girl And to all my stray kittens I got plenty mittens And we can get it on, yeah All night long All night long All night long  Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ Claudette Ortiz (City High) Album: Masquerade Song: Two Wrongs Typed by: LikeaFetha006@aol.com [Wyclef] I'm just sittin' here playin' the guitar [Claudette] City High, Claudette and 'Clef [Wyclef] Ehh, excuse me If you see me screamin' Deep in my mind I'm only dreamin' Cuz if I wake girl And your not by my side I feel like half of me  Is no longer alive So please shorty, Before you walk out that door, booby Would you listen to my song?  [Claudette] If only, I give you one last chance (one last chance) Wit the devil you can no longer advance You've got to be faithful So we could be fruitful Build a family And follow God's destiny So just before I run to the block, papi I might listen to your song [Wyclef] BOO, before you walk out that door listen [Chorus: Wyclef & Claudette] [W.J.] They say two wrongs don't make a right [C.O.] Don't make it right [W.J.] So if I'm wrong, I ain't tryna fight   I'm tryna have some dinner wit some candlelight [C.O.] Yeah, yea [W.J.] Lay up in tha bed and make love all night [C.O.] So papi I won't leave, maybe I'll just stay   But promise me that you'll do the same [W.J.] Girl I'ma love you, like I never loved you [C.O.] Touch me, like you never touched me [W.J.] Yo, if you give me the chance girl, I'm gone show you [Claudette]+(Wyclef) Now baby, understand (I understand) That I forgive you But I ain't gone forget That you brought me a reason [Wyclef] Baby, baby, baby, baby But I have grown From a thug into a man Built my castle with bricks, And no longer with sand Oh girl [Claudette] Then just before I run to the block baby, I might listen to your song [Wyclef] BOO, before you walk out that door listen [Chorus: Wyclef & Claudette] [W.J.] They say two wrongs don't make a right [C.O.] Don't make it right [W.J.] So if I'm wrong, I ain't tryna fight [C.O.] I don't wanna fight [W.J.] I'm tryna have some dinner wit some candlelight [C.O.] Yeah, yea [W.J.] Lay up in tha bed and make love all night [C.O.] So papi I won't leave, maybe I'll just stay   But promise me that you'll do the same [W.J.] Girl I'ma love you, like I never loved you [C.O.] Touch me, like you never touched me [W.J.] Yo, if you give me the chance girl, I'm gone show you [Claudette] I'm so used to rain That I can't see the sunshine no more I'm so used to the pain that the The sickness heals like a cure [Wyclef] But only if you gave me the keys to your soul And let me in, I'm gonna love you over [C.O.] Over [W.J.] And over [C.O.] Over [W.J.] Again [Both] Yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, Ohh [Chorus: Wyclef & Claudette] [W.J.] They say two wrongs don't make a right [C.O.] Don't make it right! [W.J.] So if I'm wrong, I ain't tryna fight [C.O.] I don't wanna fight, no, whoa, oh [W.J.] I'm tryna have some dinner wit some candlelight [C.O.] Yeah, yea, make love to me! [W.J.] Lay up in tha bed and make love all night [C.O.] So papi I won't leave, maybe I'll just stay   But promise me that you'll do the same [W.J.] Girl I'ma love you, like I never loved you [C.O.] Touch me, like you never touched me [W.J.] Yo, if you give me the chance girl, I'm gone show you [Claudette] Show me, yeaa [Wyclef] I aint gon stay on tha block no more girl I'ma come home early girl, I promise [Claudette] Yea yea .. {*till fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean Album: Masquerade Song: Thug Like Me Typed by: ogluv2@yahoo.fr * * send corrections to the typist This joint right here It goes out for the fellas Creepin in the lady's home when they man ain't home Ladies help me say If you ain't treatin your girlfriend right Trust me when I tell you this One day you won't be missed Someone will replace your kiss You wanna be hardcore Like the rapper Jadakiss Or a thug like me will be up in your house Cookin breakfast in the morning I know you heard these words before But you never heard em quite like this You gon find yourself livin all by yourself Who woulda ever thought wit a stranger she would share her wealth Now a stranger like me is lyin under her sheets This is a warning red alert emergency If you can't find your girl that means she's here wit me She said you had an argument So I brought her roses You know what comes next when the door closes You don't like her smile So you treat her foul You only give her attention when I'm on the prowl And now your guilty conscience got you actin wild And now you wanna flip mode like you Busta Rhymes This is a warning red alert emergency If you can't find your girl she's at work wit me Yo we eatin brunch while you havin lunch You don't even call to see what she wants You don't like her smile so you treat her foul You only give her attention when I'm on the prowl And now your guilty conscience got you actin wild And now you wanna flip like you Busta Rhymes This is a warning It's a radar warning My dogs I'm talking to you right now You need to hold her and console her Never, never, never be afraid to tell her that you love her Get on the phone and call your girlfriend right now You shoulda listened to her Shoulda listened to her You shoulda listened to her Shoulda listened to her Oh, you should listen to her Sometimes you should listen to her Take her out for dinner Shoulda listened to her Take her to the movies Shoulda listened to her She lookin groovy Shoulda listened to her That kinda girl ready Shoulda listened to her Yo you should listen to her Shoulda listened to her Sometimes just listen to her Shoulda listened to her Listen to her Shoulda listened to her Sometimes just listen to her Shoulda listened to her The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean Album: Masquerade Song: Daddy Typed by: sandra_jehenne@hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist Da, da, da, daddy, daddy, daddy I'm sure y'all heard about my dad Da, da, da, daddy, daddy, daddy This one goes out for everybody that lost somebody Da, da, da, daddy, daddy, daddy Be strong Da, da, da, daddy, daddy, daddy Now I understand what Scarface meant When he said I never seen a man cry till I seen a man die Never in my deepest thoughts that I would imagine I would be the one carrying a coffin Yo I feel like a orphan even though I got a mom I'm the first born so I gotta play strong Memories of the past bout when we cried when we laughed It makes it hard, dad, for me to finish write this paragraph I remember when we all shoved snow frost bites and all Temperature forty below  You used to call me lazy cause I said it was too cold  But you would go in the crib fix me a fresh cup a cocoa I can't front I wish there was a sequel of the sixth sense So I could see dead people I'm so hurt, dad I can't cry no more But I know that you're knockin on heaven's door Peace Da, da, da, daddy, daddy, daddy Rest in peace, dad Da, da, da, daddy, daddy, daddy All my people live on Da, da, da, daddy, daddy, daddy Rest in peace, dad Da, da, da, daddy, daddy, daddy Look into my eyes Realize I'm the same man my father was Y'all can tell by my Pink Cadillac The way I clean my ride Old grim tilted to the side But what I loved most was when the God philosophize About the philosophies of life in its reality Keep the right mentality Don't fall into vanity Sometime I feel like he standin watchin over me Whisperin in my ear, baby boy, I'm still here I heard him said I'm the shadow right beside you And if you confused, son, I'm there to guide you And even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death I fear no evil For the Lord is wit me But don't forget that your mom's in your hands You two were so close That I finally understa nd And here's a message to your brothers and your sisters I'ma miss em No matter what I'ma be wit em Peace Da, da, da, daddy, daddy, daddy To my dad, rest in peace Da, da, da, daddy, daddy, daddy I guess I'll see you at the resurrection Da, da, da, daddy, daddy, daddy To all my people that lost somebody Da--a, daddy, daddy, daddy Put the lighters in the air Da, da, da, daddy, daddy, daddy Oh, daddy Oh, daddy Da, da, da, daddy, daddy, daddy Oh, yeah, yeah I need you, daddy Da, da, da, daddy, daddy, daddy Oh, oh Da, da, da, daddy, daddy, daddy Daddy Da, da, da, daddy, daddy, daddy The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean Album: Masquerade Song: Knockin' on Heaven's Door Typed by: iwest@shaw.ca * * send corrections to the typist I remember playin my guitar in the projects Playin in the PJ's  A product of the environment Pour some liquor for those who passed away  I told my mom I'ma get up out of da hood Mama My dad taught me the American dream, baby You can be anything that you wanna be If I did it y'all could do it Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Mama, take these guns away from here Mama, I can't shoot them anymore Cease fire I feel a dark cloud coming over So poor, so dark It feels like I'm knockin on the heaven's door To Biggie Smalls and Tupac Knock, knock, knockin on the heaven's door Hip-Hop To Freaky Tah and Big Heavy Lost boy Knock, knock, knockin on the heaven's door Yeah And to the Princess Aaliyah We're knock, knock, knockin on the heaven's door To my brother Big Pun  Terror Squad We're knock, knock, knockin on the heaven's door Oh Lord, Oh Lord Would someone take these guns away from here Take these guns from the street, Lord I can't shoot my brothers anymore I seen a thug cry I feel a dark cloud coming over me Over me It feels like  It feels like I'm knockin on the heaven's door So sing along street children We're knock, knock, knockin on the heaven's door And to my daddy that passed away Rest in peace Knock, knock, knockin on the heaven's door To the God, Fred Jordan, we're And put the Fugees on Knock, knock, knockin on the heaven's door To my people doin time We're  Locked up Knock, knock, knockin on the heaven's door Crypts and Bloods, Latin peace Please just chill wit the violence Though even though I know that the bad boy move in silence I'm asking y'all please chill wit the violence Said even though I know that the gangsters move in silence Whoa We're knock, knock, knockin on the heaven's door To my people in the Twin Tower We're knock, knock, knockin on the heaven's door And to my soldiers in the Pentagon We're knock, knock, knockin on the heaven's door New York New York New York New York New York Mama To my people in the streets I'm talkin to you now Please put down your heat Oh Lord To my brothers that's on the corner Oh God Ay get out quick or you too will be knockin on heaven's door The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean Album: Masquerade Song: War No More Typed by: ogluv2@yahoo.fr * * send corrections to the typist Light is in the air right now Two thousand and two rebel music The saga continues Listen, children What's the problem in Manhattan Every ten men they look like Bin Laden So I have problems when I go to the airport First thing they do they wanna ask me for my passport The said Wyclef we love the Fugees the score But did anybody give you any strange package to bring on board I was like 'no' Here comes your national guards This look like a scene from the movie Star Wars One foot in, one foot out standing in the airplane I'm on tour I'm on my way to Japan First class, dark shades Let the fuschia out bed I want to sleep but keep my eyes on the cock pit Why just think they stay target- the pilot We gonna take over the plane Like the Los Angeles riot Riot Riot The Middle East The Middle East The street pack more heat than the Middle East The Middle East The Middle East When will the violence sleep in the Middle East The Middle East The street pack more heat than the Middle East The Middle East The Middle East When will the violence Say peace Say peace We don't want no war no more Let me hear the streets Peace, oh peace We don't want no war no more Let me hear the Middle East now Peace, now peace, oh peace, oh peace We don't want no war no more Let me hear the USA say peace Say peace Lord, peace We don't want no war no more We don't want no war no more We don't want no war no more We don't want no war no more We don't want no war no more We don't want no war no more We don't want no war no more Ay, peace Oh peace We don't want no war no more No, no let me hear you say Peace, peace, Say peace, say peace We don't want no war no more No, no, no, no Say peace, oh peace We don't want no war no more No more riots Riots riots Riots Riots Riots Riot The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean Album: Masquerade Song: The Mix Show Typed by: ogluv2@yahoo.fr * * send corrections to the typist We gon send this out for every street DJ This is somethin for the mix shows Mix shows You don't wanna go outside Because the thugs are outside They bustin slugs outside So you don't wanna go outside Let's go Uh, I'm outside lookin in I could feel it through the wind From the streets' shore I could see the shark's fin They ain't eat nuttin in a week And they hunger is the reason why the blood drips on the concrete So run your juice Pit bulls drew They gon shoot you in the head so what good is your bullet proof Unless your bullet proof-la what's your affiliation You just a rat handin out information You wanna run and said Clef took my paper Clef ain't take your paper Clef is just a narrator Think I'm a singer I'ma have you call a operator 911 now you breavin through a respiratior All dat gun-clappin yappin meet me outside You never seen a ghost until you seen the other side So think before you speak or blood is go leak You shouldn't have no problems understandin I ain't speakin Greek I need a hundred grand And I ain't talkin bout no candy bar Take over your strip like it's Candahar You gonna see so much red you think your man on Mars That concrete that's under your feet gon land on hard I got gooms that stand on guard Post up waitin wit the toaster Hit you from close up Bare face No black mask No silencers On the burners everybody hear da gat blast Bodies found chopped up in black bags inside incenerators I got power like generators Slugs wit names on it The message I send to haters In my hood I'm know as a menace to neighbors Me and my men for paper We don't fear the morgue Only thing we afraid of is we scared to starve You can't stop the shine Play a black cloud in my dollar signs and be a victim of a violent crime For real The flows is death defyin Act real and ya neck be flyin Brains and guts like I was savin private Ryan Test the iron And I show you a wall, cat That's filled wit bodies See where your balls at, if you all dat And I show a wall, cat, that's filled wit bodies And yours could be the next Number 19, erased out the projects I progress everyday I'm livin this life I won't stop till I'm buried, dog I'm livin it right Just gimme the price and I'm willin to take a chance I keep it ass hard Cause this sh- in my pants And if you wanna dance you need to jump to these lyrics You feelin the physical form as well as the spirit Don't try to compare it Just listen and love to hear it And if it's fire you know not to come near it I keep it flame broil enough to make your brains boil Put you in a stash where nobody could say they saw you Check, G.O.D. put it down like it's burnin hot Execute you on the spot no warnin shot Comin Timothy McVay I burn down your block First I kick in your door cause in war we don't knock I got no competition Only man that could see me is the man in the mirror Keep wishin Keep fishin Get a hundred and fifty stitches Your last rights Last meal Last wishes This is summin for the mix shows They call me most honorable, most knowledgeable Toast bottles in blue The hydropronic goose I spit ten words blow you to molecules I'm under your skin cells and your hair follicles It's the jewel Whatever I could see I could be I saw hip-hop became a MC Then I saw the streets became a OG Then I learn to see myself became G.O.D. We get them packs off often I'm on da block where it's scorchin The life that I live'll make you nauseous Most of our n-ggs see a coffin Most of our -ish see abortions Of course we are lost in the circle of Karma This is summin for the mix shows Where you and your mama, grandmama and great-grandmama live out the same drama Where you and your father, father's fathers great and fore fathers felt horror like no tomorrow I'm from United Snakes, the country of crime The city look -ish they changed the skyline And it's us against swine and they loosin they mind In the van with my grind And thirst to gimme time I'ma ball or get signed or bang and take mine My design's undefined I'm clearly one of a kind It's best you realize only the fittest survive For cowards it's suicide so don't come outside You don't wanna come outside Masquerade Its Blaques outside Fam and Prolific, we all outside So you don't wanna come outside Refugee Ay, yo we gon send this out for every street DJ that ain't getting no real radio airplay You know I mean That's comin on the radio at one o'clock in da mornin That got da streets on lock This generation! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean Album: Masquerade Song: MVP Kompa Typed by: lmcolas@videotron.com * * send corrections to the typist Men Wyclef Gadé Elizabetch faché Elizabeth pas faché non Li di sé pa ou ké li vlé Sé nèg tèt gren lap tan Li di sé bab boy yo lap tan Li renmen dreadlocks yo Pou li kapab dansé Li renmen jan nou mixé Chorus:  Kompa direc direc direc Nou mixé'l avec on ti reggae reggae reggae Aprè sa nou mété hip-hop sou li Lévé men nou si nou représenté pou Haiti Encor, encor, kompa direc direc direc Nou mixé'l avec on ti jagon n-ga-gap, n-gué-gue, n-gou-gou n-ga-gap, n-gué-gue, n-gou-goooooou Ééééééééééyyyyy Men yo, men yo Men MVP yo Most Valuable Player Sé pa basketball nap joué Sé kompa nap maté Men non, Men non Men MVP a Most Valuable Player Sé pa football nap joué Sé kompa nap maté Gadé jan tout moun conten Kan kou lè ou jwen chèk ou vendredi Papa'm té kon travaille nan yon factory Pendan mon onc Reynold tap joué New York, New York, New York, New York, New York City, City Chorus Blow, blow, blow Nou pa pè Vin ak zam Nou pa pè Sé dansé Nou vin dansé Belle fi Nou vin caressé Si-vou-plè Avancé Sé fété Nou vin fété Ou pa palé kreyol Ou palé anglè: Yo dog let me tell you like this Get out of my face or i'm a bust your ass You heard Pali, Boulova Wyclef ak Gérald vini ak MVP kompa Digital pa a la mod encor On y va Nou pa pè, nou pa pè Nou pa pè, nou pap janm pè Nou pa pè, nou pa pè Nou pa pè, nou pap janm pè Nèg Brooklyn, yo pa pè Nèg Miami, yo pa pè Nèg Cité-Soleil, yo pa pè Dérespeté nou nap météw en ba tè Nou pa pè, Jacmel pa pè Jérémie nou konnin nou pa pè Pétionville, Croix-des-Bouquets pas pè Canada nou konnin nou pa pè Koté Brooklyn, Brooklyn pap janm pè New Jersey, New Jersey pap janm pè L'Artibonite nou konnin nou pa pè Gonaïves nou konnin nou pa pè Aux Cayes, Au Cap pap janm pè Kot moun Jacmel yo, yo pa pè Saint-Marc, nou pa pè Port-au Priiiiiince!!!!!! An-mwé, m'cwè Ti-Jo mouri Sa lap fè la é minui li yé la oui mé zanmi Zombi, barré yo  Barré Ti-Jo, mé zanmi, barré-l Zombi, barré yo Lévé men nou, Lévé men nou, Lévé men nou, Lévé men nou Zombi, barré yo Barré Ti-Jo pou mwen, mé zanmi Zombi, barré yo Woy, sé Wyclef mé zanmi Woy, depui m'piti mon onc Reynol té montré'm mizik sa tandé Coupé Cloué Ti-Mano Raymond Jean-Baptiste Papa'm pat vlé m'tandé bagay sa non Gen moun ki di m'fè on plak kompa M'fè on lot men li, men li, men li Bon, bagay digital la pa a la mod tandé Style kompa no jou a yo rélé'l MVP Most Valuable Player Si sé pa kompa MVP nap joué Nou pa vlé tandé'l tandé Nap ba nou on roche tandé messieurs Ok tout moun ki daco ak kompa MVP an Bay radio'ou volum Si ou pa gen radio, al volè youn Bal volum... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean Album: Masquerade Song: Ghetto Racine (PJ's Creole Mix) Typed by: rfvaval@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist Haiti, I wanna welcome yall to West Indian day Parade(Sak pase) This is my Carabanner, The PJ's Remix IN CREOLE let's Go!! Ghetto Nou te fet nan ghettoooo(Kenbe zam nou) Fok nout reprezante pou moun poooo(Pa tire Pa tire) Paske si se pat pou moun poo Nou pa tap janm konnen Wyclef Mwen pa sou bo no Mwen pa sou bo sud Mwen pa sou bo les Mwen pa sou Bo wes Msou bo bel dam yo Neg ki gen zam yo Neg ki sere Bob Marley nan choset yo Le police kenbe yo yo tire yo Le imigrasyon pran yo yo depote yo Neg kwa des bouke yo Neg kap fe grimo Yo di yo fe gri paske peyi pa gen lajan o Peyi pa gen Lajan Kanaval Chak ane o Lajan pou kanaval fok gen lajan pou manje o Respekte bon dye oo Domi avek Kwa sa oo 32 degre men mwen kay on mason o Leternel est mon Bergee je ne make rien o Menm si mkenbew nan foul la map epike ou avek kouto(anko) (Poukisa)Pase nou pa respekte ble e te Nou te fet nan ghetto kounyen kaynou gen elevator Mezanmi Brooklyn bloke mezanmi gade li bloke Canada Bloke mezanmi gade li bloke Miami bloke mezanmi gade li bloke Haiti bloke mezanmi gade li bloke Ghetto mwen te fet nan ghetto Fok mwen reprezant pou moun po Pase si se pat pou moun po  Nou pa tanp janm konnen wyclef  Gade nan kwadebouke yo gen on nouvo zam yo rele Nou Pa care Koman yo rele zam sa Nou pa care Li tiye manman papa fre avek se Lem pale ak zam la zam la dim li pa ke Mwen di zam yo yap voyew nan lanfe Zam lan di msye met pase li gen tan vizite lisife Oh gade mysye kape rale zam li Zam la pa menm bon pou di bonswa ak jesus Pase Le wap rale se le sa nap tire Le wap pale se kadav ou nap gade(anh anh anh) Gwo gason nou pral antere o fon Si se JAMES BOND ou ye aswe a nap touye espyon Nou gen on nouvo zam yo rele nou pa care Koman yo rele zam sa nou pa care li tiye manman papa fre avek se Lem pale ak zam la zam la dim li pa care Vyolans nou pa vle mezanmi (nou pa vlel) Foul la avanse mezanmi (Avansel) Sivouple pinga pouse mezanmi (pinga nou pouse) Siveye Lougawou yo aswe a yo anvi vole Lase mwen pap janm bliye lase Mwen te fet kwadesbouke Paske si se pat pou AYITI Nou patap janm konnen Wyclef Leve men nou si no soti nan GHETTO Kote dread lox yo ki te genyen AFRO Kote ayisyen yo ki renmen manje Mango Kote timoun piti yo kap jwe LAGO Depi yo we Wyclef yo gen satisfaksyon Yo renmen mesye a ki gen 12 televizyon Mezanmi Playstation DVD li nan dwe nan jem Le POLICE kenbe mwen se machin mwen yo vle gade Gade on ayisyen ki soti an ayiti Lem jwe Las Vegas yo relem Elvis Presley Oh Oh yo banm on body guard ki soti an Italy Men nou konnen wyclef pa janm mache san fizi Mezanmi si li fe nwa map tire sou la lune Paske nou konnen Wyclef Jean se Jean-Jacques Dessalines Timoun nan ghetto pinga nou chanje channel Bondye ap pwoteje nou kankou li pwoteje Danniel Jeriko Jeriko Miray la kraze Jeriko Jeriko Miray la kraze Jeriko Jeriko Miray la kraze Men gade miray e yo pa kraze Mezanmi Ghetto nou te fet nan ghetto Fok nou reprezante pou moun po Paske si se pat pou moun po Nou pa tap janm konnen Jerall Mezanmi leve drapo nou mezanmi pi wo pi wo Respekte refije yo pi wo pi wo Nou konnen nou se MVP pi wo pi wo Respekte rasin lan pi wo pi wo MVP rasin,Bagay yo pral kontinye Jeriko Jeriko Miray la kraze Jeriko Jeriko Miray la kraze Jeriko Jeriko Miray la kraze Men gade miray e yo pa kraze Woy woy woy back up back up Jeriko Miray la kraze(10x) Met yo di siw te la,laj pa tap mouri... enben kotel ye? Laj sa, Leve nan tomb la(until fade) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean Album: The Preacher's Son Song: Industry Typed by: Gemini_20502K@blackplanet.com [Intro] Yeah I wanna dedicate this to everybody that love hip hop music Cause without hip hop music I wouldn't be here today Preacher's son, yeah [Verse 1] Imagine if Biggie and Pac never got shot And they both still were rulers of hip hop And Puffy and Suge was roomates from college And Big L never got found in the alley Nas and Jay-Z they were still homies Squash the beef with Ja Rule and 50 Benzino shook hands with Eminem And on the same record I heard Eve, Fox and Kim And sometimes when I dream, that's when I wake up I kinda hoped that The Fugees didn't break up And when they walked into the studio I prayed they didn't spray Cause I miss that scratch from Jam Master Jay (Whoa oh oh!!!) Shots go off, mother's cry Death since rise, homicide Black on black crime needs to stop Y'all can't blame it on hip hop Cause what we say is what we see What we see is reality The ghetto's the ghetto you got them livin in sorrow Soon they won't live to see tomorrow [Verse 2] Imagine if Big Pun was still alive I could see Fat Joe screamin Terror Squad Imagine if there were still four survivors still in Destiny's Child And TLC never lost they Left Eye Imagine Refugees never needin a passport And John Forte never at Newark Airport Million Man March, man, that was a start Now I need a million more to meet me at Central Park When the revolution start y'all 'gon have to play this Imagine Slick Rick not gettin deported (Whoa oh oh!) Shots go off, mother's cry Death since rise, homicide Black on black crime needs to stop Y'all can't blame it on hip hop Cause what we say is what we see What we see is reality The ghetto's the ghetto you got them livin in sorrow Soon they won't live to see tomorrow [Verse 3] In the club never though Shyne shot the gun But in the limosine JLO had to run Paparazzi snappin shots through the mirror That's when I saw a smile from Princess Diana Back and forth and forth and back Like Miss Aaliyah man do I miss her The war goes on with The ROC and The Lox Murder INC, G- Unit it's a fight to the top Stop! We lost too many soldiers like Freaky Tah While they get the cover of a magazine who got to die Shots go off, mother's cry Death since rise, homicide Black on black crime needs to stop Y'all can't blame it on hip hop Cause what we say is what we see What we see is reality The ghetto's the ghetto you got them livin in sorrow Soon they won't live to see tomorrow [Outro] Yeah, peace be with y'all The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ Missy Elliott Album: The Preacher's Son Song: Party to Damascus Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Wyclef Jean] (Missy Elliott) Brrrr, yeah (ew, ew, ew, EW! yeah)  It's over, uh huh (that's right) Missy With The Preachers Son, uh huh (ok) It's over (ok), I told ya (yeah) J-CLEF, let's go (ew, WOO) Brrrrr [Missy Elliott] (uh oh) Yeah, hey yo Clef (oh) (Wylcef: Uh huh) Uh oh (uh oh), these motherfuckers ain't ready for this shit (oh) (Wyclef: Hey) [Missy Elliott] Me and Clef on this track what you want Heard you wanna battle us both I hope you don't Hand me my mic, two woofers in my trunk (huh) Sound like gonk-ga-gonk-ga-gonk-ga-gonk-ga-ga-ga-gonk (c'mon) I drink that Dom Perignon (oh) I drink that shot of Petron to turn me on (uh) I got that red eye bomb, get you stoned (yeah) I got them gunshots, head knock 'til my bed stop [Wyclef Jean] Hey, I'm from a place called New Jersey, they call it the New Jerusalem I'm only here for one night girl, I'm on the plane tomorrow But I love the way you move girl and do that belly dancin So let's play you're my teacher and won't you give me my first lesson (C'MON) [Break - Missy Elliott] I teach you what you want (oh yeah) The things you need to know (oh yeah) Come in and shut the door (yeah) Lets get this party goin (uh huh) Baby let me show you, how you can satisfy a girl needs (oh yeah, c'mon, c'mon) [Chorus] - w/ ad libs In the mornin, in the evenin In the nighttime, gotta have it It's a feelin I can't fight it You got me speakin another language (*Female - singing: Bo habibi, Nishtage'a*) - 2X It's official raise your glasses Cause this party gonna go to Damascus [Wyclef Jean] Yeah, she said her dad's in the Army and he's the number one sniper And if he ever found out, he'd have me swimmin with the fishes in the water Now I'ma say somethin crazy girl, I love you I know we meetin for the first time in the club, but this feels like a deja vu [Break] - w/ ad libs [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Interlude - Wyclef Jean] - 2X Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday, gotta have it [Missy Elliott] W-Y to the Clef (c'mon) Boy I keep it realer than the titties on my chest (yeah) "Milk does your body good," come on take a sip Like (*3 slurping noises*), it taste good don't it You's a fine dreadlock, come on get How many times Missy crushed the very best? How many bombs on my summer, Funk Flex? (uh) As many times as Teddy Reilly said "yep, yep" Did you get it? I stays on your mind like a fitted (uh) Like Diddy make you walk for cheesecakes to the city (woo) Rough chick, dirty jeans, ain't nothin pretty (uh) Me and Clef steppin to the mic to get busy (c'mon) [Missy Elliott - talking] (uh oh) Yeah, hey yo Clef (uh oh) Uh oh [Wyclef Jean - talking] What's up Missy (uh oh) You know I love ya girl (oh) What's up Missy Let's go (uh) I got the guitar soundin like a satar Holy, holy, Jerry Wonder I need some security Call police (*fades out*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ Cassidy, Patti LaBelle Album: The Preacher's Son Song: Celebrate Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com 	[Wyclef] Ladies and gentleman, the preacher's son Patti LaBelle is in the building 	[Wyclef] Let's celebrate, have a basement party A barbeque how we used to do On the avenue, have a family reunion Man, how I miss those days When the kids was kids, no knives on the street When the ice cream man came around the way Lord, Miss Patti, won't you help me sing Lord knows how I miss those days 	[Patti] (Wyclef) Dressing up for church on Easter Sunday (how I miss those days) Doing the electric slide at every party (how I miss those days) Oh, if only you knew, what I've been through (you would celebrate) You would celebrate (everybody just celebrate, how I miss those days) Get up, you would celebrate (celebrate, everything's gonna be ok, how I miss those days) 	[Wyclef] (Patti) I came in this game through the back door (get up) I know LaBelle, we were so much more (get up) We worked it, and earned it, God knows we deserved it (get up) Keep on striving, I know you'll make it 	[Wyclef] (Patti) Let's celebrate, have a basement party A barbeque how we used to do (yeah, get up) On the avenue, have a family reunion Man, how I miss those days When the kids was kids, no knives on the street When the ice cream man came around the way Lord, Miss Patti, won't you help me sing Lord knows how I miss those days 	[Patti] (Wyclef) Dressing up for church on Easter Sunday (how I miss those days), get up Doing the electric slide at every party (how I miss those days) Oh, if only you knew, what I've been through (you would celebrate) You would celebrate (everybody just celebrate, how I miss those days) Get up, you would celebrate (celebrate, everything's gonna be ok, how I miss those days), get up 	[Wyclef] (Patti) I'm gon' box these niggaz Take home on a number one belt (get up) We gonna pop that thug, oh no, to celebrate the wealth (get up) See, I'm a take that hay and turn it into loot Cause who ever God blessed no man can test (get up) Who ever God blessed, no man can test What goes up must surely come down, yes So watch who you hurt on your way up Cause they'll be laughing at you on your way down Tell the judge we don't want incarceration Cause we came for the celebration, hey So let the women and the children eat first Cause it's been so long since a celebration, Cassidy 	[Cassidy] (Patti) This Cassidy, let's celebrate (oh) I'm selling weed and got hella cake And I still got the dog in my backyard It's hamburgers, hot dogs in the back row (get up) On the grill we cooking it all up My mom got skills, she hooking it all up Man, it feels like back in the days When cats wasn't clapping to K's And hood rats was acting they age (get up) Clef and the rest of the game with me And me and Miss LaBelle, we rep the same city (get up) Philly, home of the blunts and the cheese steaks And I cannot be stopped, like I need breaks (get up) 	[Wyclef] (Patti) Let's celebrate, have a basement party A barbeque how we used to do (yeah) On the avenue, have a family reunion Man, how I miss those days When the kids was kids, no knives on the street When the ice cream man came around the way Lord, Miss Patti, won't you help me sing Lord knows how I miss those days 	[Patti] (Wyclef) Dressing up for church on Easter Sunday (how I miss those days) Doing the electric slide at every party (how I miss those days) Oh, if only you knew, what I've been through (you would celebrate) You would celebrate (everybody just celebrate, how I miss those days) Get up, you would celebrate (celebrate, everything's gonna be ok, how I miss those days), get up 	[Wyclef] (Patti) Celebrate (you would celebrate), everything's gonna be ok, how I miss those days (get up) You would celebrate, everybody just celebrate, how I miss those days The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ Redman Album: The Preacher's Son Song: Baby Daddy Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com [Wyclef] Right now if you raising some children that don't belong to you But you know you're taking care of them Please report on the dancefloor, let's go now Do the stepfather dance (to the right) Do the stepfather dance (to the left) Do the stepfather dance Baby mama don't hurt nobody, come on [Wyclef] I ain't that baby's daddy, I treat him like he's my own But sometimes sit and wonder how can I father another man's son (oh) When argument breaks in the pad Shorty wanna scream 'I ain't his real dad' now I may not be your father But I'm the closest thing to him [Wyclef] Girl I love you And ain't a thing that I wouldn't do for you You my boo and we be sticking just like glue But your kid's got me losing my mind Wanna know if I want you And if I do then you just gotta come to Now the family be fighting through hard times But I'm gon' treat them like they're mine [Wyclef] I ain't that baby's daddy, I treat him like he's my own But sometimes sit and wonder how can I father another man's son (oh) When argument breaks in the pad Shorty wanna scream 'I ain't his real dad' now I may not be your father But I'm the closest thing to him [Wyclef] Fresh pair of Jordan's you had it When you want a Playstation you had it (Vendetta) First day of school you had it Even when I didn't have it Once upon a time, not long ago Before the dreads, when I had the afro When in school I used to pass the love notes If you like me check yes if not check no Flip the page now everything changed The kid don't even have my last name Sometime I feel like I'm paying child support Someone please call people's court [Wyclef] I ain't that baby's daddy, I treat him like he's my own But sometimes sit and wonder how can I father another man's son (oh) When argument breaks in the pad Shorty wanna scream 'I ain't his real dad' now I may not be your father But I'm the closest thing to him [Wyclef] (Redman) No, (come on) I can't seem to take this pressure no more (come on) And ? told me young man that life's too short So leave ya kids at home, meet me on the dancefloor [Redman] Yo Wyclef you a wild boy, check it out [Wyclef] (Redman) Do the stepfather dance, to the right Do the stepfather dance, to the left Do the stepfather dance (yeah) Jersey's in the house [Redman] (Wyclef) We go, Redman, ganjah the smoke Listen to the sounds of my nigga funk doc, oh Wyclef, you know you rule hip-hop, oh Yo let me handle my bidness (go ahead) If you love your sons like I do, dress like you and Air's on his feet, and shinin' his jewels Brag when he get back to school Saying my daddy bought me Vendetta 2 for Gamecube You know kids that try to get fast That's when I open up a can of whoop ass Listen, I'm the boss, if you do what I say Like Nas, the world is yours, let's go [Wyclef] I ain't that baby's daddy (Redman) I treat him like he's my own (we in the house) But sometimes sit and wonder how can I father another man's son (oh) When argument breaks in the pad (aha) Shorty wanna scream 'I ain't his real dad' now (aha) I may not be your father (ey) But I'm the closest thing to him (come on) [Wyclef] I ain't that baby's daddy (I ain't that baby's daddy) I treat him like he's my own (like he's my own) But sometimes sit and wonder how can I father another man's son (oh) When argument breaks in the pad (breaks in the pad) Shorty wanna scream 'I ain't his real dad' now (you ain't my dad) I may not be your father (aha) But I'm the closest thing to him (yeah) [Wyclef] Do the stepfather dance Do the stepfather dance (eh) Do the stepfather dance The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ Carlos Santana Album: The Preacher's Son Song: Three Nights in Rio Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com You knew we had to come back like this, right man It's too hot in New York man, yeah It's too hot in New York man, give me Three nights in Rio De Janeiro with no sounds of buses No ambulance, no police sirens to interrupt my silence, aha Mucho trabajo poquito dinero Means I work hard and have no money Playin' my guitar, I'm sitting on the beach I'm sippin' margaritas as the water splash my feet It's too hot in New York I had to get away So here's a ticket, meet me on the beach in the shade When I was young they called me Robin Hood Cos I stole from the rich and I gave to the poor Went back home, mama whooped on my ass Said I'll be damned if I let you live like that Meanwhile next door neighbors jumpin' Beatin' on his wife while the kids were watchin' Later that day we was out on the porch And fantasize we was out of New York, we woke up in Three nights in Rio De Janeiro with no sounds of buses No ambulance, no police sirens to interrupt my silence, aha Mucho trabajo poquito dinero Means I work hard and have no money Playin' my guitar, I'm sitting on the beach I'm sippin' margaritas as the water splash my feet It's too hot in New York I had to get away So here's a ticket, meet me on the beach in the shade I'm in your hood like your neighbors were Spiderman I'm in the club 'fore I entered the stadium I bring the vibe like the days of the Tribe Before I had the fame I was servin' the fries So who better to know about a nine-to-five Wakin' up at five with the cold in my eyes Now my daddy, he can rest in peace From the belly of the beast to the sunniest beach, let's go Three nights in Rio De Janeiro with no sounds of buses No ambulance, no police sirens to interrupt my silence, aha ? dinero Means I work hard and have a warm day Playin' my guitar, used to daydream at the stars Prayin' if I ever make it, I'm gon' help my family make it From the streets of Brooklyn, to the Jersey ? ? I'm a stand on stage and play this guitar till I fall Santana, let me get some help Santana, let me get some help Eh, this one goes out to those who work, follow and ? Keep your head up, cos if I made it, you can make it too one day Three nights in Rio De Janeiro with no sounds of buses No ambulance, no police sirens to interrupt my silence, aha Mucho trabajo poquito dinero Means I work hard and have no money Playin' my guitar, I'm sitting on the beach I'm sippin' margaritas as the water splash my feet It's too hot in New York I had to get away So here's a ticket, meet me on the beach in the shade It's too hot in New York man It's too hot in New York man, ah It's too hot in New York man It's too hot, hey It's too hot in New York man, whoa It's too hot in New York man It's too hot in New York man It's too hot, hey Yeah, Carlos Santana with the Preacher's son It's the world tour, too hot Y'all know better, let's go now Guantanamera, Celia will always love ya Guantanamera, Clef with the Carlos Santana Guantanamera, Celia will always miss ya Guantanamera, Clef with the Carlos Santana, haha, haha The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ Monica Album: The Preacher's Son Song: Class Reunion Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com 	[Monica] It's a class reunion, you come home from the ATM (oh yeah) 	[Wyclef] (Monica) Monica you ready, oh yeah Man she look so good Rolling through the hood God bless the dead (bless the dead) Jerry Wonder knock on wood She was a ghetto queen, yeah Turned into a fiend, yeah Night I heard her scream ? to a nightmare dream, oh yeah (oh) 	[Wyclef] She was mine, she was pop She was hip, she was hot She was too fly, butterfly It was her time, her time It was her time, her time So much dope on the streets That I'm praying for peace But the poor gotta eat Talking bout my time Everybody say it's my time, oh yeah 	[Wyclef] (Monica) Baby girl, the world is yours, just look through That open door, I'll be there for you If you ever feeling blue (oh), it's a beautiful world 	[Monica] Baby boy, the world is yours, when you're sad I'll be your joy, I'm still your friend And I'm a love you till the end 	[Monica] Said he looks so real When he was running on the football field I love the cheerleader scream his name Even in ? ? he had game But didn't show up at the class reunion And when I asked one of my girls what happened That's when they told me he got life in prison Caught up in the system Trying to be a kingpin The story never ever ends 	[Monica] (Wyclef) He was mine, he was fine He was hip, he was hot He was too fly, butterfly It was his time, it was his time (oh why, oh why, oh why) So much dope on the streets And I'm praying for peace But the poor gotta eat Talking bout my time, my time Everybody say my time, oh 	[Monica] (Wyclef) Baby boy, the world is yours, when you're sad I'll be your joy, I'm still your friend And I'm a love you till the end (it's a beautiful world) 	[Wyclef] (Monica) Baby girl, the world is yours, just look through That open door, I'll be there for you If you ever feeling blue (oh), it's a beautiful world 	[Wyclef] And I don't know much about English class Math I didn't pass Biology and chemistry Was all a dream to me 	[Monica] I patiently wait for the bell So I can see you after class But now it's all in my pass 	[Wyclef] She was mine, she was pop She was hip, she was hot She was too fly, butterfly It was her time, her time It was her time, her time So much dope on the streets That I'm praying for peace But the poor gotta eat Talking bout my time Everybody say it's my time, oh yeah 	[Wyclef] Baby girl, the world is yours, just look through That open door, I'll be there for you If you ever feeling blue it's a beautiful world 	[Monica] Baby boy, the world is yours, when you're sad I'll be your joy, I'm still your friend And I'm a love you till the end 	[Wyclef] Baby girl, the world is yours, just look through That open door, I'll be there for you If you ever feeling blue it's a beautiful world 	[Monica] Baby boy, the world is yours, when you're sad I'll be your joy, I'm still your friend And I'm a love you till the end 	[Wyclef] She was mine, she was pop She was hip, she was hot She was too fly, butterfly It was her time, her time It was her time, her time (let's go) 	[Wyclef & Monica] This is the class reunion This is the class reunion Reminisce on the high school days The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean Album: The Preacher's Son Song: Baby Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com I wanna thank y'all for coming to see the preacher's son tonight (thank you) Fellas, hold on to your girl right now Yeah right now we're gonna slow the whole dancefloor down Oh yeah, take it back to the old school, let's go Baby, let me holla at you You know there's no greater love Than a woman who loves a man And a man who loves a woman, ah yeah I wanna love ya And I ain't talking trash neither, ey This is something that I can feel deep in my soul, oh, oh We gonna listen to some Marvin We gonna listen to some Isley We gonna listen to some Teddy Pendergrass (Pendergrass) Ooh, once I got you in the mood I wanna introduce myself to you We gonna listen to Smokey We gonna listen to Stevie We gonna listen to Donny Hathaway Ooh, would you please lay your body next to mine, ah yeah Doggy, and I ain't talking bout my pitbull neither I'm talking about the first lady That was there in the beginning when your daughter wasn't with it, oh yeah I wanna love ya And I ain't talking trash neither, ey This is something that I can feel deep in my soul, oh, oh We gonna listen to some Marvin (Marvin) We gonna listen to some Isley (Isley) We gonna listen to some Teddy Pendergrass (Pendergrass) Ooh, once I got you in the mood I wanna introduce myself to you We gonna listen to Smokey We gonna listen to Stevie We gonna listen to Donny Hathaway Ooh, would you please lay your body next to mine, ah yeah Yeah, I'm a young man with an old school, girl But then you told me a good woman Is worth more than diamonds and precious pearls Yeah, yeah, yeah So lay back, and let me massage you, everywhere now I can feel them move with your body Harder, harder, harder, harder, harder You make me so hot We gonna listen to some Marvin We gonna listen to some Isley We gonna listen to some Teddy Pendergrass (Pendergrass) Ooh, once I got you in the mood I wanna introduce myself to you We gonna listen to Smokey We gonna listen to Stevie We gonna listen to Donny Hathaway Ooh, would you please lay your body next to mine, ah yeah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ Elephant Man & Wayne Wonder Album: The Preacher's Son Song: I Am Your Doctor Typed by: Gemini_20502K@blackplanet.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro & Chorus: Wyclef Jean] I am your doctor (Yeah yeah yeah) here's the prescription (Girl!!!) Two teaspoons of my friendship, a full cup of my love (Yo Wayne Wonder, you ready to talk to the girls, let's go) [Verse 1: Wayne Wonder] + (Wyclef Jean) I will be knockin by the time me come a four Here comes the doctor baby worry no more I will bring the remedy baby I will bring the cure Give you what you want and absolutely I am sure Take my hand I'll be your man Let me take you to the sunshine island I will be your therapy, let it be You know you need my healing (Wait a minute!!!) [Chorus: Wyclef Jean] I am your doctor (Yeah yeah yeah) here's the prescription (Yeah yeah yeah) Two teaspoons of my friendship, a full cup of my love (Gimme some love, gimme some love) And if your back is hurtin, turn around girl See, I'm your chiropractor (Wayne Wonder: La da dow da dow!!!) Please!!! Lay on this sofa (Wayne Wonder: Oh na na na now!!!) And let me message your back (Wayne Wonder: Your back) So I can feel what's wrong (Girl what's wrong, girl what's wrong, girl what's wrong) (Yo Wayne, talk to the girls man) [Verse 2: Wayne Wonder] + (Wyclef Jean) If you got a problem and you wanna get it fixed Send for the doctor with the medicine for your chest Fill your prescription with the right mix My kiss and I will say what kind of miracle is this Take my hand I'll be your man Let me take you to the sunshine island I will be your therapy, let it be You know you need my healing (Let me talk to them now) [Verse 3: Wyclef Jean] When you make it to the emergency room (Yeah) Tell the nurse I said that she don't need no, coverage no, no no no (Wayne Wonder: Oh na na na now) Cause I been waitin to operate on you all night So lay back, relax, feel my hands right through your hair [Chorus: Wyclef Jean] I am your doctor (Oh yeah yeah) here's the prescription Two teaspoons of my friendship, a full cup of my love (Wait a minute Elephant Man, talk to di gal dem) [Verse 4: Elephant Man] + (Wyclef Jean) Dem call mi Dr. Love, ready fi di surgery gimme di gloves Mouth to mouth respiration a weh she love You mi thermometer test har and she hundred above Give har di lovin and she melt like a fudge Mi have di PHD, mi qualify mi have mi degree Fi give she di remedy from a di therapy Nuh waan see nuh night nurse so she come a mi Jook har wid di penicillin she seh gee, she seh she free (So free yeah) [Chorus: Wyclef Jean] I am your doctor (Girl I need you here) here's the prescription (Yeah yeah yeah) Two teaspoons of my friendship (Oooh) a full cup of my love (Wayne Wonder: Of your love) And if your back is hurtin, turn around girl See, I'm your chiropractor (Wayne Wonder: La da dow da dow!!!) Please!!! Lay on this sofa (Wayne Wonder: Oh na na na now!!!) And let me message your back (Wayne Wonder: Your back) So I can feel what's wrong (Girl what's wrong, girl what's wrong, girl what's wrong) [Outro: Wyclef Jean] Hey!!! Tell me if your ready for the doctor love (Yeah) Your ready for the doctor love (Yeah) You wanna feel the doctor love (Yeah) Wa da da ding, wa da da da day You wanna feel the doctor love (Yeah) Wine your waist to the doctor love.... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ Carl Restivo Album: The Preacher's Son Song: Linda Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com Every woman have a snapping point You don't want her to snap no Someone stop Linda She just left the crib with a beretta She's on her way to pop her fiance Cause the word on the street He was sleeping with Renee Lord knows, please someone stop Linda He don't even know she's coming Like the FBI, she gon' knock down the door with no warrant Lord knows, what happened to the good time lovin', lovin' My father used to tell me, son, listen There's a thin line between love and hate Once you cross that line, see there's no escape She love me, she love you not You don't wanna open up Pandora Box no, no She will see that you been cheating When you said that you been working All I'm saying is just watch your back Cos tonight see I got a bad feeling Jack Linda's got a gat Someone stop Linda She just left the crib with a beretta She's on her way to pop her fiance Cause the word on the street He was sleeping with Renee Lord knows, please someone stop Linda He don't even know she's coming Like the FBI, she gon' knock down the door with no warrant Lord knows, what happened to the good time lovin', lovin' Listen to me now Every barrel got a Linda Trust me you don't want that drama When you laughing she's crying Mascara running down her face, now she's plotting Like Method Man, she gon' bring the pain Like Cypress Hill you got a insane in the membrane All I'm saying is just watch your back Cos tonight see I got a bad feeling Jack Oh my God Someone stop Linda She just left the crib with a beretta She's on her way to pop her fiance Cause the word on the street He was sleeping with Renee Lord knows, please someone stop Linda He don't even know she's coming Like the FBI, she gon' knock down the door with no warrant Lord knows, what happened to the good time lovin', lovin' Someone stop Linda (Samson fell for Delilah) Someone stop Linda (Ahab fell for Jezebel) Someone stop Linda (King David fell for Bathsheba) And coming in the mist Linda wants to head up the baptist Someone stop Linda He don't even know she's coming The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ Sharissa Album: The Preacher's Son Song: Take Me As I Am Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com 	[Wyclef] I wanna send this one out to my vanilla ice-cream chocolate pudding pie That stayed with me in the hood, do or die Refugee camp 	[Sharissa] Yeah, this one goes out to my arm and joy My banana that never split The one that stuck with me 	[Wyclef] Before I had the bling bling I thought I'd hit up in Sing Sing Who would have ever thought that we'd be doing our thing I know I did a little cheating But once I got caught I send you a parcel of roses You sent them back and told me go to hell 	[Wyclef] But girl you know that, you take me as I am Even though my fam don't understand Why I put that rock up on your hand That's cos you take me as I am (take me as I am) 	[Sharissa] (Wyclef) You take me as I am (yeah, I'm a take you as you are) Even when my girls can't understand I choose you as my man But you take me as I am, my, my man 	[Wyclef] (Sharrissa) You're my girl (my man) You're my girl (my man) You're my lady (my man) You're my baby 	[Sharissa] When I was rocking jelly and had a little belly Who woulda ever thought, you'd think I was sexy I say it with an attitude, I admit I came off rude But still you love me, I know I get on your nerves sometimes 	[Sharissa] And I don't know why you take me as I am Even when my girls can't understand I choose you as my man (my man, yeah) Cause you take me as I am (take me as I am) 	[Sharrissa] You take me as I am, girl I'm a take you as you are Even though my fam don't understand (they can't understand no, no, no, no) Why I put that rock up on your hand (girl) That's cause you take me as I am 	[Wyclef] (Sharrissa) You're my girl (you're my man) You're my girl (you're my man) You're my lady (you're my baby) You're my baby (my honey) 	[Wyclef] You're the ocean that breathes that I feel when I'm blowing my trees alone 	[Sharissa] You're the sun that shines when the darkness strikes at night 	[Wyclef] You're the love of my life, you're my girl, you're my wife 	[Sharissa] You're mine, and I'm yours, you take me as I am Wait a minute 	[Sharissa] (Wyclef) Can't believe you take me as I am, am, am, no, oh Even when they don't understand why you love me I choose you as my man Cause you take me as I am (take me as I am) 	[Wyclef] You take me as I am, girl I'm a take you as you are Even though my fam don't understand My people on the block, they don't understand, no, no Why I put that rock up on your hand Cause I take you as you are, you're a star 	[Wyclef] (Sharrissa) You're my girl (my man) You're my girl (you're my man) You're my lady (you're my baby) You're my baby (my honey) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean Album: The Preacher's Son Song: Grateful Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com 	[Wyclef Jean] This is as real as it gets y'all And it don't get no realer than this This is as real as it gets y'all, huh 	[Wyclef Jean] Maybe my mother, coulda been my father Perhaps it was my sister, probably my brother Maybe the church, coulda been the street Perhaps it was the guitar, or Jerry Wonder beats Maybe the money when I didn't have a dime Maybe a way out before committing crimes Coulda been Lauryn, perhaps it was Pras Probably the mirror looking dead in my eyes Coulda been reggae, or the love of hip-hop Maybe my fans at the show saying don't stop Probably the struggle of all refugees Maybe the sign how the diamonds bling-bling, ching-ching Ring ring, there's a call from my wifey, whoo Perhaps I gotta make it home but music keep calling me And maybe it's all I know, whatever it is I'm grateful for being 	[Wyclef Jean] A man with a guitar, a dude from the streets A cat with a song, a ReFugee MC Wyclef Jean, a Fugee for life A preacher's son, first one on the run I'm grateful that I haven't been shot Stopped by the cops and they didn't find a glock W-Y-C-L-E-F, I'm grateful 	[Wyclef Jean] Coulda been a crack fiend with no place to go Lord, oh mighty God, have mercy on my soul Coulda been Pablo, king of Yayo Or a pimp with a limp screaming we don't love them hoes Oh no, God knows, perhaps I was chosen A source of inspiration for the next generation And maybe it's all I know, whatever it is I'm grateful for being 	[Wyclef Jean] A man with a guitar, a dude from the streets A cat with a song, a ReFugee MC Wyclef Jean, a Fugee for life A preacher's son, first one on the run I'm grateful that I haven't been shot (shot) Stopped by the cops and they didn't find a glock (glock) W-Y-C-L-E-F, I'm grateful 	[Wyclef Jean] Everybody sing along now You can make it like I made it Don't let anyone tell you different When doors close another door will open Many have called but my people are chosen You can make it if I made it Don't let anyone tell you different When doors close another door will open, yeah Many have called but my people are chosen, yeah 	[Wyclef Jean] A man with a guitar, a dude from the streets A cat with a song, a ReFugee MC (yeah) Wyclef Jean, a Fugee for life A preacher's son, first one on the run I'm grateful that I haven't been shot (shot) Stopped by the cops and they didn't find a glock (glock) W-Y-C-L-E-F, I'm grateful The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ Rah Digga, Scarface Album: The Preacher's Son Song: Next Generation Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com [Wyclef] Hold on now, don't die now, be strong now He said, I was born a crack baby In a plastic bag in the alley Raised in a foster home With no mother to love and I never knew my papi Back in the days of Bobby McFerrin Used to sing don't worry, be happy Lord how can I be happy When I don't even know my own family tree Lord [Wyclef] We are the next generation, we ain't scared to die The only thing I fear is the after life Cos I don't know what's there on the other side But I pray the Lord forgives me, gives me one more try [Wyclef] Gang poppin' things, doing drive-by's and angers Kids going to school putting fears in their teacher The teacher let them know that it ain't all good Cos the gang was created to protect the neighborhood, now All you red now, all you blue now All you yellow now, follow me now To that place of righteousness Where the only thing that matters is your consciousness, he said [Wyclef] We are the next generation, we ain't scared to die The only thing I fear is the after life Cos I don't know what's there on the other side But I pray the Lord forgives me, gives me one more try [Wyclef] In my father's kingdom there are many mansions All the rooms are free, there is no tax collection I can see Biggie, Tupac, Moses and Abraham Jason, the one and two's, jamming with the sun of man [Scarface] I've been kicked, I've been stabbed I've been shot, I've been ? by a Person that I thought I trusted, where I live It's a war at the cribs, walk with a strap Myself cos I don't want nobody's son on my back My mind playing tricks ?, to really ? Me out in five unless I take another hit I done seen the sun set on the other side of town Now I'm drifting in the darkness, Heaven hold me down ? ? ? but I know I'm born dying Feel the tears of the angels looking down on me crying For a lying ass but yo forgive us in a while And I'm sorry, never let me forget that I'm your child While I'm locked up in this basement staring eye to eye with Satan In this cold dark world with no patience We get plotted on by agents with talks of replacing The Africans, Jamaicans and the Haitians in this next generation [Wyclef] We are the next generation, we ain't scared to die The only thing I fear is the after life Cos I don't know what's there on the other side But I pray the Lord forgives me, gives me one more try [Rah Digga] Whoa, we the next generation, look at what we facing The kids raise themselves, all kind of temptation Flowers and candles decorating all the pavements No, the perpetrator ain't seeing no arrangements Nobody cares about the feelings of the poor Man they suffer while we spending eighty billion on a war, uh Cutting school budgets, US stockmarket plummets Condition's only worse and I wonder what become it Metal detectors replace music classes Angry little kids wanna beat their teacher's asses The red and blue's, somebody gotta lose Reality TV be reality for who I don't question what the Lord found in me I just pass it on to folks with no boundaries Got a long road ahead of us, AIDS already gettin' us Now we got SARS, how many will there be left of us [Wyclef] We are the next generation, we ain't scared to die The only thing I fear is the after life Cos I don't know what's there on the other side But I pray the Lord forgives me, gives me one more try The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ Prodigy (Mobb Deep) Album: The Preacher's Son Song: Rebel Music Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com [Wyclef] The preacher's son with the rebel music Rebel music, put the peace sign up now Rebel music, all my gangs put the peace sign up now Rebel music, everywhere put the peace sign up now Rebel music, hold on, listen [Wyclef] Tell the DJ turn the music up Gangsters in the club, everybody thugs Me I play the walk, sipping on the Guiness Cause in reality we are the same and it's Just society they wanna see me Flesh on the concrete, sold a perfect story The mystery is waking up in misery The music industry brainwash celebrities Girls sleep sexy, they wake up with the monster Had no idea that the fish was a piranha Word from the wise I can see through the fog Reason why they rob cause they got no job [Wyclef] But I woke up in the morning, sexy, yawning Feel like it's gonna be a good day No war on the street, no way, today Everybody kick back like a holiday, aight You shine, I shine and The whole world looking like a gold mine You get yours and I'll get mine And we'll help each other make it through the bad times [Wyclef] When they see me they ask me Will there ever be another Fugees I say I don't know but hope the trio Don't do like ? ? then ? on Sadaam though But on CNN they saw the same Little kids getting shot at close range To Babylon, we don't want no war I'm a send a message in a bottle to the White house door These are the words from the master So don't you wait till the day after Until then you can catch me in the sixes Just pumping Bob Marley rebel music now [Wyclef] But I woke up in the morning, sexy, yawning Feel like it's gonna be a good day No war on the street, no way, today Everybody kick back like a holiday, aight You shine, I shine and The whole world looking like a gold mine You get yours and I'll get mine And we'll help each other make it through the bad times [Wyclef] Children, imagine a world with no racism No, no homeless in Grand Central Station Boys and girls going to schools with no tools Life is so beautiful but until then it will be Rebel music, rebel music Rebel music, put the peace sign up now Rebel music, all my gangs put the peace sign up now [Prodigy] Uh, can these devils fool us son, not nowadays dun We're a generation of thugs, you can't play with us We've been lied to, enslaved and beaten up We're immune to what you call pain, it's nothing We're not scared of dying or afraid of guns Born in the USA, nah, can't blame us Our DNA's foreign to them We kings of the planet Earth, Gods if you will Yo, pass me my rod, it's about to get stupid These niggaz trying to stop our plans, peace to it I never meant to cause him pain and he knew it But he was trying to kill me and he blew it [Wyclef] But I woke up in the morning, sexy, yawning Feel like it's gonna be a good day No war on the street, no way, today Everybody kick back like a holiday, aight You shine, I shine and The whole world looking like a gold mine You get yours and I'll get mine And we'll help each other make it through the bad times The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ Buju Banton Album: The Preacher's Son Song: Who Gave the Order Typed by: tim_timbo_2003@hotmail.com I'm Buju Banton with the preacher's son Who gave the orders For them to go, alright Who gave the orders Martin was shut down, ah, alright Who gave the orders To drop the bomb, we wanna know Who gave the orders No refugees across the borders, yeah Questions asked with no response, ey, Wyclef Who's gonna answer Where did all these guns come from, tell me, ey Who's gonna answer Feeding lies to our daughters and sons But they will have to answer Then what you gonna do when the Rastaman comes Where you gonna run for cover Looking through the window of my ire eyes On this city filled with lies Observing the people working so hard Doing whatever it takes to get by Then I look at myself and realize That I was put here for a reason Lord knows I've done my best and I've tried We gon' keep trying Who gave the orders For them to go, Lord no Who gave the orders Martin was gunned down, oh Who gave the orders To drop the bomb, my God Who gave the orders No refugees across the borders, who Questions asked with no response, ey, Wyclef Who's gonna answer Where did all these guns come from, tell me Who's gonna answer Feeding lies to our daughters and sons They will have to answer Then what they gonna do when the Rastaman comes Where you gonna run for cover Well what you gonna do, what you gonna do, what are you gonna do Incarcerate a million and only free few What was done to others, it shall be done to you Open up your eyes and you will see the full view Work all day, and you can't get raise in pay Civilly bodies being taken away I wonder what the voice of the people have to say Stand up and defend your rights today Who gave the orders, who gave the orders For them to go Who gave the orders Martin was gunned down, Martin was gunned down, oh, Martin was gunned down Who gave the orders, who gave the orders To drop the bomb Who gave the orders, who gave the orders No refugees across the borders, no, no, no, no Questions asked with no response, ey, Wyclef Who's gonna answer Where did all these guns come from, Wyclef, ah Who's gonna answer Telling lies to our daughters and sons They will have to answer Then what they gonna do when the righteous man comes Where you gonna run for cover The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ Missy Elliott Album: The Preacher's Son Song: Party to Damascus Remix Typed by: lunchmeat07@yahoo.com [Wyclef Jean] (Missy Elliott) Brrrr, yeah (ew, ew, ew, EW! yeah) It's over, uh huh (that's right) Missy with the Preachers Son, uh huh (ok) It's over (ok), I told ya (yeah) J-CLEF, let's go (ew, WOO) Brrrrr [Missy Elliott] (uh oh) Yeah, hey yo Clef (oh) (Wylcef: Uh huh) Uh oh (uh oh), these motherfuckers ain't ready for this shit (oh) (Wyclef: Hey) [Missy Elliott] Me and Clef on this track what you want Heard you wanna battle us both I hope you don't Hand me my mic, two woofers in my trunk (huh) Sound like gonk-ga-gonk-ga-gonk-ga-gonk-ga-ga-ga-gonk (c'mon) I drink that Dom Perignon (oh) I drink that shot of Petron to turn me on (uh) I got that red eye bomb, get you stoned (yeah) I got them gunshots, head knock 'til my bed stop [Wyclef Jean] Hey (echoes) It goes, “Missy you hit me with the henny got me dizzy like a lesbi I heard you wear turtleneckses' to hide your hickies.” I'm freaky, dickie, like Samantha ‘Sex in the City' Lookie, lookie here I only came to party Easy shorty, with one dance I put you in a trance Not a body experience As time flies, we have fun But I don't want it to pass My total love gots you waiting like a whoop-lash Hey (echoes) [Break - Missy Elliott] I teach you what you want (oh yeah) The things you need to know (oh yeah) Come in and shut the door (yeah) Lets get this party goin (uh huh) Baby let me show you, how you can satisfy a girl needs (oh yeah, c'mon, c'mon) [Chorus] - w/ ad libs - 1,2,3,4 In the mornin, in the evenin In the nighttime, gotta have it It's a feelin I can't fight it You got me speakin another language (*Female - singing: Bo habibi, Nishtage'a*) - 2X It's official raise your glasses Cause this party gonna go to Damascus [Wyclef Jean] Its me turn I'm Mr. International Cause when I move, everybody moves "Quand je fais l'amour on m'appelle Roméo." That's was French, if I missed ya You want Spanish y'all All my guys grab two ladies now "Mi alas amigos puedos dos senorita yo" (Japanese lib) Freakin' in Japanese shooting in the West Indies Its breaking down, go and fetch the wrench I'm suddenly all Jewish And tossin' it up at a Bar-mitz-pha [Break] - w/ ad libs [Chorus] - w/ ad libs [Interlude - Wyclef Jean] - 2X Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday Friday, Saturday, Sunday, gotta have it [Missy Elliott] W-Y to the Clef (c'mon) Boy I keep it realer than the titties on my chest (yeah) "Milk does your body good," come on take a sip Like (*3 slurping noises*), it taste good don't it You's a fine dreadlock, come on get How many times Missy crushed the very best? How many bombs on my summer, Funk Flex? (uh) As many times as Teddy Reilly said "yep, yep" Did you get it? I stays on your mind like a fitted (uh) Like Diddy make you walk for cheesecakes to the city (woo) Rough chick, dirty jeans, ain't nothin pretty (uh) Me and Clef steppin to the mic to get busy (c'mon) [Missy Elliott - talking] (uh oh) Yeah, hey yo Clef (uh oh) Uh oh [Wyclef Jean - talking] What's up Missy (uh oh) You know I love ya girl (oh) What's up Missy Let's go (uh) I got the guitar soundin like a satar Holy, holy, Jerry Wonder I need some security Call police (*fades out*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ Muzion Album: Welcome to Haiti / Creole 101 Song: 24 Heures a Vivre Typed by: freaky_p69@Hotmail.com * * send corrections to the typist *Mwen tap rainmin konnin, date et jou' map mouri... Yeah! Wyclef, misié Jean Refugee, Muzion Si t'avais 24 heures à vivre, et que tu savais que t'allais mourir qu'est-ce t'aurais fait? [Wyclef] Yo, si il me restait juste 24 heures à vivre, j'irais voir ma mère Pour lui dire qu'elle m'a bien élevé, de son fils, elle peut être fière Qu'on m'a traité de voleur, assassin Elle m'a pas lâché, pour ça, j'vais l'embrasser Un bec sur le front puis, dans la rue j'suis repartit 2 heures et demi, j'appelle Jerry Duplessis J'dit viens me chercher pour, m'déposer Chez ma mam'selle, dans sa robe elle est tellement belle Elle dit ‘'Wyclef, allons manger au TapTap.'' J'ai dit j'pas capable parce que demain j'serai pas là! J'viens seulement te remercier du fond du cœur Parce qu'avec tout ce que je t'ai fait passer t'aurais dû m'quitter, aller ailleurs T'es une belle femme, pas besoin d'pleurer Quand j'vais m'en aller, tu peux t'remarier *Mwen tap rainmin konnin, date et jou' map mouri... Et si t'avais 24 heures à vivre Aurais-tu chanté ? Aurais-tu dansé ? Aurais-tu pleuré ? Ou dit : oh non j'veux m'en aller! Ou dit : oh non j'veux m'en aller! Imposs! Waddup Clef ? Qu'est-ce t'aurais fait ? [Imposs] Que voulez vous qu'Imposs avançont des paradis Que personne ne pleure, mais maintenant laisse sa place au paradis Avant qu'j'm'en aille, faut qu'j'vois mon p'tit neveu L'embrasse entre les deux yeux, on s'reverra si Dieu veut. Et Jusqu'aux entrailles faut qu'tu t'battes Hombre! La vie est un gros cul-de-sac Ho! Ho, plus ça faut qu'j'vois ma lady Sexe sans protection, j'veux qu't'aies mon baby! Check, quand j'étais p'tit, j'tais fou, j'fesais trop troubles Maintenant on en rit pendant qu'mommy nous fait un Soul Food! Avec tous mes alliés à la table J'vais m'en aller où est-ce que j'vois des palmiers et la plage... Haïti! *Mwen tap rainmin konnin, date et jou' map mouri... J-Kyll, qu'est-ce t'aurais fait ? [J-Kyll] Qu'il me reste 24 heures, ou qu'il me reste toute une vie Chaque seconde que j'respire me sortira d'ici 86 400 feuilles à bloc sous le coup de minuit C'est ça la vie et laisse-moi t'dire que le défi était de taille Good bye! Ne pleurez pas s'il faut que j'men aille. J'fly! J'rempli ma mission ou j'déraille. J'die! Seigneur pardonnez-moi mes failles C'est ça la vie et laisse-moi t'dire que le défi était de taille Bye! Ne pleurez pas ma vie si j'die. J'fly! Le soleil brille sur mon champs de bataille. So high! Qu'est-ce que l'ennemi des failles ? C'est ça la vie et laisse-moi t'dire que le défi était de taille *Mwen tap rainmin konnin, date et jou' map mouri... [Chorus X 2] Hey yo Drama! Yeah Clef! Qu'est-ce t'aurais fait ? [Drama] Je pars de 24 heures, gérer par mes erreurs Reparler à mes parents et mes sœurs, on parle de mes meumeures S'arrêter de pleurer, j'ai allé dans l'ghetto Séparer mes frérots, préparer à « Blo » J'ai rammassé mes prostitués mineures en toll Qui me mettent à Off, une idée de Boss, que Philippé, Ho! J'suis pressé, j'saute d'un quartier à l'autre Pour aider les pauvres, y'é dix heures et onze, tantôt j'vais quitter ce monde J'ai fixé ma montre sur le son de l'alarme de ma mort, One time, à midi j'suis gone! J'ai rendez-vous avec Jésus j'vais m'habiller pour aller à l'église, Hop! Trop tard! J'suis déjà dans ma tombe! *Mwen tap rainmin konnin, date et jou' map mouri... [Chorus X 2] Wyclef Jean, Muzion, Refugiés, on y va! Let's go! Yeah! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean Album: Welcome to Haiti/Creole 101 Song: President Typed by: oakclark34@yahoo.com Yea, election time is coming Who you gonna vote for? Yea... If I was president, I'd get elected on Friday Assassinated on Saturday Buried on Sunday They go back to work on Monday If I was president (If I was president) If I was president (If I was president) If I was president (If I was president) yea... [Verse One] Instead of spending, billions on the war I can use that money, so I can feed the poor Cuz I know some so poor, when it rains that's when they shower Scream and fight the power That's when the vulture devour [Verse Two] I know some soldiers, that sleep but they can't dream Wake up with screams, sounds of M16's So take this Medal of Honor, for you bravery I wish you the best care, for you and your family [Verse Three] But the radio won't play this, they call it rebel music How can you refuse it? Children of Moses Tell the children the truth, the truth It's not all that bling that's diamonds Tell them the truth, the truth Most of y'all where cubits of conium Tell them the truth, the truth, YEAH! Your soul is worth more than diamonds If I was president All blacks would have reparation no segregation Feed the nation so there's no famine Muslims, Jews, Christians, would all hold hands Every week on the beach, party by the sand Word up, take trips on Air Force One Only to bring the homeless with no sneaks the Air Force Ones Better schools in the hoods, better teachers in the classes Making money paying no taxes Find the best scientists, tell them come up with the answer I want the cure for AIDS and cancer But I gotta watch my back The sniper's on the hill, with the still Waiting to JF kill I feel the rain coming Let me play my guitar for them right now, let's go Refugees YEAH! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean Album: Welcome To Haiti - Creole 101 Song: Le Ou Marye Typed by: xInstinctx@hotmail.com [Intro] Yeah, nçg yo mennem nan Twoubadou school - you know what sayin'? This one goes out for Ti Paris, Jakmçl Nou kon mesye Jean Twoubadou school m' ladanl' - an ale, hey hey hey Twoubadou school m' ladanl' - hey hey hey Vini vini manman Vini vini manman Vini vini manman Vini vini vini, HEY!  A la ja bçl, wi ja byen bçl Lew' gen yon bçl ti mennaj, ki bçl kou akansyçl E lçw wç konsa, ou santiw' pata mouri Ou santiw' so sweet, ou anvi jwi laviw Ou anvi marye, pouw sa gen libçte Pou sa karesew, pou sa byen bezew Pase lçw marye, ti bouch la relew pou ou Ti senw relew se pou ou, tout sow vle yo bou'l Gad manje a la, li gen douse bonbon siwo Li gen gato ladan'l, tanzantan yap bow ti moso Let's go [Chorus: 2x repeat] A la ja bçl, wi ja byen bçl Lew' gen yon bçl ti mennaj, ki bçl kou akansyçl E lçw wç konsa, ou santiw' pata mouri Ou santiw' so sweet, ou anvi jwi laviw Ou anvi marye, pouw sa gen libçte Pou sa karesew, pou sa byen bezew Pase lçw marye, ti bouch la relew pou ou Ti senw relew se pou ou, tout sow vle yo bou'l Gad manje a la, li gen douse bonbon siwo Li gen gato ladan'l, tanzantan yap bow ti moso Let's go [Chorus: 2x repeat] Avanm te maryen ou te relem "fiance" Mwen te kon gadew mwen te imajine Mwen menm avek ou chita bo plaj lan Pa gen rezon pou zam nan Gade la lin kap desan sou late Mwen semante map avçk ou jiskaske mwen tounen pousyç Mwen te vle fe on manyen ou te de refize Ou di "Nou pap fe anyen tout tan mwen pa marye" [Chorus: 4x repeat] [Wyclef: Talking] Bon, m' sonje avanm te marye a madanm mwen Kotew' te ye? Ou on bagay yo, neg kite Ayiti yo vin Brooklyn Yo panse bagay yo ap chanje, ou konnen Brooklyn, ou pa bezwen marye fanm pou bayo ti siwo an Pandanm al lot bo a, manman'l di, tande "Ouwe isi an, se menm prensip nou gen Ayiti, tande M' pa ke si nou Wyclef Jean, Wyclef Jin, sipesta, saw ye an Si ou vle pitit fim nan, fok ou mete on bag na men'l" Ou kon bagay yo ou menm Gon kote New York you rele "Jacob" Jacob lan son neg li van bag Ma'chte gro dyaman - m' vin devan manman avek piti fi an So di'l? "Excuse me, I would like to marry your daughter" Kounyan' mwen we, pale pale pale Kounyan le yo we 14-kara dyaman sa We avanm gentan konnen, mwen nan recepsyon [Chorous] [Outro] Sa se pou Ti Paris, Jakmel Fabrice mennem nan Twoubadou school Sou saksofone, nou gen Luberre Sou tronpet, mwen gen antre de Jean Les freres de Jean, avek Eddie Boussau Sou gita, Keke Fabrice, banm volume The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ Dadi Album: Welcome to Haiti - Creole 101 Song: Marasa Typed by: xInstinctx@hotmail.com [Intro] Mwen pap janm bliye Lç mwen te gen de zan La pli tap koule Mwen tou touni map danse, san problçm Se lç sa yon ti granmoun kap fimin yon pikachimbo Li vin mande'm kote ban nan ale Se lç sa mwen tonbe chante Rara kômanse(Yeah!) Rara kômanse(Yeah!) Rara kômanse(Yeah!) Dadi, gad misye kap rale zam Ou anvi tire pçp lan - ou fou? [Chorus: Wyclef] Ou mçt detwi kô mwen ou paka detwi nanm mwen Nanm mwen se sak kape pale avçk ou-a Ou mçt fizye kô mwen ou paka fizye nanm mwen Nanm mwen se sak kape pale avçk ou-a [Wyclef] Gade jan yap pale fanmin noun se lç nou pral fini Mwen wç nou sou beach avçk fi ak bikini Nap bwç sink zetwal, gade jan nap viv Ti moun piti yo paka achte yon liv Map di yo siveye HIV Si nou pa met Panther nou nape tounen zonbi(Uh huh) Chyen kap touye chat, siveye'l Paske yonlç chat lan gen poul' grafonyen'w Bon Dye fç promçs li pap janm bliye pitit li yo Siw kwç nan li lap fçw mache sou glo [Wyclef] Pçp lan pran kou-a, ou di mwen fou-a Chak fwam pale, mwen pale de Ayiti-a Sim pa pale, wôch ap pale Sim pa chante, zwazo ap chante Klouklou di klou, klouklou di klou Pandamn map dômi, mwen reve syçl la Lç mwen gade byen, mwen wçl di "Viktwa" Viktwa pou Ayiti, se lç mwen sonje Mwenmen avçw ou se pitit Bon Dye E Bon Dye pap janm bliye pitit li yo Siw kwç nan li lap fçw mache sou glo Blackout! Woy, gade peyi an pran yon blackout Mezanmi, kot flaslight la mezanmi Blackout, gade peyi an pran yon blackout Kot zan gabriyçl mezanmi [Dadi] Libçte se sa pçp lan ap chante Inite, sa fç lontan nap chache'l Tçt chaje, yon mizç ki vin debake'l O Papa Bondye, banm fôs poum delivre [Hook] Nap goumen, goumen pou boukman(3x) Sa se viktwa li se pou Nap goumen, goumen pou boukman(3x) Ou mçt pouse pifô pile'l Nap goumen, goumen pou boukman(3x) Paske viktwa li se pou nou Nap goumen, goumen pou boukman(3x) Jiskan nou ka viv na la pç [Wyclef] Marasa, marasa, marasa! Mwen menm ak Ayiti se marasa nou ye Marasa, marasa, marasa! Mwen menm ak Ayiti se marasa nou ye [Dadi] Libçte se sa pçp lan ap chante Inite, sa fç lontan nap chache'l Tçt chaje, yon mizç ki vin debake'l O Papa Bondye, banm fôs poum delivre [Hook] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ Serj Tankian, Sizzla Album: Carnival Vol. II - Memoirs of an Immigrant Song: Riot Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Wyclef Jean] Yo Serj, pass me that lighter Yeah... yeah, yeah! [Serj] Flowers, smiling through the battlefield! [Verse One: Wyclef Jean] The break is over man, I'm back with the ink pen Like Ali bomaye okay I'm on my second wind Used to roll dice when the luck was on my side man Four-five-six, walked away with a grand man Seen many blocks turn to the Twilight Zone D.A. on the case like Sherlock Holmes My old high school sweetheart started sniffin a bone For the right bag she deep throat, deeper than a baritone I caught you off guard, this verse is unexpected, check it Like when I rhymed on Big Pun's record, check it I got a swagger that cut any rapper mind over matter Lyrical dagger like alcohol I'm bad for your liver Quiver, shiver body temperature get found in Hudson River Deliver a message to your miss you won't be comin over And if you on the street tonight, see that ReFugee logo We beam around the world like satellite [Chorus One: Wyclef Jean] It's them hip-hop boys, turn your radio down It's the rock 'n roll boys, turn your radio down It's them reggae boys, turn your radio down Neighbors mind your business It's a riot again! The world is getting nervous So we travel again! Main journey's the unconscious It's a riot again! The world is getting nervous And so we travel again! Main journey's the unconscious [Verse Two: Sizzla] + (Wyclef) Come rooooooooock with me~! I got the music on the block with me Come chill on the spoooooot with me And just laugh in spree Yeah you're right, we got enough for everyone So get all your friends and your families and come along Move to the beat that's all we do we got Jerusalem Everyday we offer praises like King Solomon Ain't gon' hurt ye, don't be nervous I'm your guardian angel, know you purpose And if I look at you low, if I should make it Believe me, I leave you, show you how to make it (Hung up high, in the M-I) (Double-S-I, S-S-I) (P-P-I, three-piece tie) (Wanna see me die so the heavens they cry) [Chorus Two: Wyclef Jean] It's them hip-hop boys, turn your radio down It's the rock 'n roll boys, turn your radio down It's them reggae boys, turn your radio down Neighbors mind your business It's a riot! Riot! Riot! Riot! From the train to the plane, security check From the bridge to the tunnel, security check It's a riot again! The world is getting nervous So we travel again! Main journey's the unconscious It's a riot again! The world is getting nervous And so we travel again! Main journey's the unconscious [Verse Three: Wyclef Jean] I was down in Texas; drivin wreckless Police stop me, axe me for my license (oh yeah) Registration so I played him some Elvis He let me go, then I lit off the chalice I said if things don't change, we headed for the Arma-ged-deon And the great dragon with seven head, ten horns, at the Arma-ged-deon Listen to the choir children [Verse Four: Serj Tankian] The matterings of all matter Masters and their extended batters Internet intelligence for investments for the natural world Their divestments; truth is knowledge Although bi-polar if it's attainment is equitable Man's mirrors face the flesh but hide the spirit in opposite worlds; vision can only be attained universally Lamps of varied sizes and shapes carrying different shades All having the propensity to illuminate Let's ruminate on realization that the means is the end The Earth's water is mirroring the stream-of-consciousness The dead being reborn as flowers smiling through the battlefields [Wyclef Jean] + (Serj) It's them hip-hop boys, turn your radio down It's the rock 'n roll boys, turn your radio down (Flowers, smiling through the battlefield!) [repeat to 21 seconds before the end] It's a riot again! The world is getting nervous So we travel again! Main journey's the unconscious It's a riot again! The world is getting nervous And so we travel again! Main journey's the unconscious The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ Akon, Lil Wayne, Nia Album: The Carnival II: Memoirs of an Immigrant Song: Sweetest Girl Typed by: andrei_47@list.ru * * first single; send corrections to the typist [Intro: Wyclef Jean] + (Lil Wayne) Some live for the bill Some kill for the bill She wined for the bill Grind for the bill (and she used to be the sweetest girl) Some steal for the bill, if they got to pay they bill (and she used to be the sweetest girl) Tonight Wyclef, Akon, Weezy and Nia [Verse 1: Wyclef Jean] High school she was that girl that make me do the hula hoop around the gym (Just to get a peek again, she's a 10) High school she was That girl that make me do the hula hoop around the gym (Just to get a peek again, she's a 10) Never thought she would come and work for the president Mr. George Washington (where my money at?) She thought he'd call (where my money at?) She had a good day, bad day, sunny day, rainy day All she wanna know is (where my money at?) Closed legs don't get fed, go out there and make my bread All you wanna know is (where my money at?) She ended up in a road car, bruised up, scarred hard All you wanna know is (where my money at?) She thought he'd call (where my money at?) [Chorus 2X: Akon] Cause I'ma tell you, like Wu told me Cash rules everything around me Singin' dollar dollar bill yall(dollar, dollar bill yall) Singin' dollar dollar bill yall(dollar, dollar bill yall) [Verse 2: Akon] Pimpin' got harder cos, hoes got smarter On the strip is something they don't wanna be a part of Rather be up in the club shakin' for a thug For triple times the money and spending it how they wanna They got they mind on they money, money on they mind They got they finger on the trigger, hand on the nines See everyday they feel the struggle, but staying on they grind And ain't nobody takin' from us, and that's the bottom line But I know there's a drop in the block You move slow You getting' pressure from cops you don't know not to lay low Because 25 to life is no joke To all my real gorillas thuggin' On top of corners every day strugglin' All the beautiful women getting' money Washin' them dollar bills like laundry [Bridge: Wyclef Jean] Money, money-money-money Money, money-money-money It drives the world crazy [Verse 3: Lil Wayne] (Weezy) She used to be (she used to be the sweetest girl) She used to be the sweetest girl ever Now she like sour ameretta She wears a dress to the T like the letter And if you make it rain she will be under the weather She used to run track back in high school Now she tricks off the track right by school She takes a loss cause she don't wanna see her child lose So respect her, I'll pay up for the time used And then she runs to the pastor And he tells her there will be a new chapter But she feels no different after And then she asks him+ [Outro: Wyclef Jean] Some live for the bill Some kill for the bill (where my money at?) She wined for the bill Grind for the bill (where my money at?) Some steal for the bill, if they got to pay the bill (where my money at?) Tonight Wyclef, Akon, Weezy and Nia The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ Sizzla Album: Carnival Vol. II - Memoirs of an Immigrant Song: Welcome to the East Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [repeat 4X in background] "When the East in the house - oh my God" [Wyclef Jean] + (Sizzla) Yeah~! This one's for the world right here Sizzla! (Mr. Kalonji just walked in the buildin) Big up to the far East rulers [Intro: Wyclef Jean] + (Sizzla) Welcome to the East! "Oh my God" "When the East is in the house" sometimes I ask myself will the violence ever cease "Oh my God" (You know you gon' like it; Kalonji, Wyclef) It's too hot on the floor man "Oh my God" It's too hot on the floor man It's too hot on the floor man "Oh my God" It's too hot on the floor They got the M-15's "Oh my God" We got the M-16's "Oh my God" (that's dangerous) It's too hot on the floor man It's too hot on the floor [Verse One: Wyclef Jean] Check it out I saw the ski-mask I didn't see the faces yo Saw the grenade, heard the explosions yo It get worse yo, I can't count the hearses that come out to masses, to churches, the verse is Do unto others as you would have done unto you Well welcome to the devil's penthouse, overlookin hell's view David slew the philistines with a donkey jawbone The same jawbone, I used to make microphone The same microphone I use in New Jerusalem To tell E.T. MC's they gotta phone home Girl I see you in the club but your eyes full of pain Your man a wifebeater, find a new man And for my little sisters in the misery Sweet sixteen you ain't alone in the pregnancy I pour some liquors for my homies that passed Sit back while I'm writin watch you fade in the paragraph... [Chorus: Wyclef Jean] Welcome to the East! "Oh my God" "When the East is in the house" sometimes I ask myself will the violence ever cease "Oh my God" Deejay turn it up~! It's too hot on the floor man "Oh my God" It's too hot on the floor man It's too hot on the floor man "Oh my God" It's too hot on the floor They got the M-15's "Oh my God" We got the M-16's "Oh my God" It's too hot on the floor man It's too hot on the floor [Wyclef] Sizzla, check it out! [Verse Two: Sizzla - best guess only] All things she plant the explosives with fuel in line We pe dimed, that's too much screwin time Cuttin you off, the halls reach the governor With pass enough plastic and the found for substance I prophecy they gon' call on the attack Must I see there and keeping this a back Each can play guitar, cause those bands a saluting Everyday someone forments these driveby shootings WILL THERE EVER BE PEACE on the Earth With human acts we shall not have peace on the Earth Be good leave it up for firm and just What's going on in neighborhoods today is not respected [Chorus] with ad libs [Verse Three: Wyclef Jean] Dance, she's in the city of Gods Dancin the Capoeira I see her in Brazil, eyy! Her cry, sound like 7 million violins Knowin that her man Won't be back tomorrow, she cries [Chorus] (without Jeru the Damaja samples + ad libs) [Outro: Wyclef Jean] Yeah, this where we all meet right here One mind one soul one heart On violins we got, the Honorable Minister Louis Farrakhan, yeah On guitar, my man David Rosen Jerry Wonder on the bass Sizzla, breddern for life Charles the conductor I see you Wyclef Jean The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ T.I. Album: Carnival Vol. II - Memoirs of an Immigrant Song: Slow Down Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Wyclef Jean] + (T.I.) Ten nine eight seven six five four three two one We cry for peace (uh-huh) but we live for war (You know I got that chopper in the Chevy, what it is?) We ain't start the wiretaps, down in Baltimore (But I'm still slangin bricks where I live) Sometimes she love me, sometimes she love me not (Doin ten, now my girl turnin tricks at the crib) Bullet take out those eyes, when they in the city Chi' (Lay it down ASAP or e'rybody gettin killed) Evil lurks, in the heavenly disguise (Tryin to get the root of all evil, 'bout a mill') I seen two birds, crash into two New York giants (Bush still lyin, he don't never keep it real) I wish Katrina spoke French at the Quarter to New Orleans (Haha, what you'da told her daddy?) I woulda spoke French back, seduced her stoned (okay) Told her "Je t'aime!", please don't rain on my people~! [Chorus: Wyclef Jean] + (T.I.) Where'd the hope go? Where'd the hope go (I don't know) I seen the whole world turn into a war zone (what?) Ain't no love in the city keep your vest on (that right) Guns 'n Roses, "Welcome to the Jungle" On the flip side (ay) she shakin her back side (shake it for me) That's the only way tuition gon' come right He got a crush on Mary Jean (ay, ay) Unless you got five on she ain't doin her thang (Come on, you know you need to) Slow dowwwwwww-owww-owww-owwwwwn, young girl Keep it real hon, got to keep it real hon Unless she slow down, somebody gon' crash (Come on, you know you need to) Slow dowwwwwww-owww-owww-owwwwwn, young girl Keep it real hon, got to keep it real hon (Ay ay, you know we used to) (You know we used to, ay ay ay ay ay) Unless she slow down, somebody gon' crash (okay) [Wyclef Jean] + (T.I.) If you livin in the street, you know you livin free (And if you ain't you doin time like me) Thugs with the heat, are the coldest ones to meet (And you can catch yourself a case and get a five) We flyin high, but still can't touch the sky (But on conspiracy you doin ten at the least) Everbody's a gangster, but nobody wanna die (With all this snitchin you might never see the streets) Nuclear testin, replacin the SAT's (With all this goin on, why they worried 'bout me?) Stem cell research, there's another you, another me (I'm just hustlin in the streets tryin to flip a couple ki's) What goes up must come down, the laws of gravity (I know I seen it happen to my partner Big Neesh) (We miss you shorty!) To win at chess You've got to trap the king [T.I.] + (Wyclef Jean) E'rybody know we gon keep rollin when the police rollin And your coke dealer told 'em what you doin Boy you better slow down, ay, ay, slow down, ay You wanna show 'em that the dope keep comin But these sheep keep runnin they mouth They'll have you stuntin jacker comin Boy you better slow down, ay, ay, e'rytime homeboy Slow down, start snitchin, ay, ay, homebwoi Hey I remember get money, all we did was get money 'Til the feds raided the trap and they took my (thang) from me Put me in a room alone, separated the click from me Next thing you my lawyer said (my partner snitched on me) Now ain't that a bitch homey? (They ain't had a thing) on us Until you started tellin, now they talkin big numbers We coulda split charges up, missed five or six summers Instead you tryin to talk, tellin so you can walk How could you tell 'em who we sold told to? E'rything we bought? How we used to get in all the way 'til we can ship it off? (Who woulda thought?) Hey, hey keep it pimpin, wait a minute (Whoahhhh!) Hey, hey hey keep it pimpin, wait a minute, ay [Wyclef Jean] I'ma let my guitar do the talkin now, okay? {*guitar plays to fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ Shakira Album: Carnival Vol. II - Memoirs of an Immigrant Song: King & Queen Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Wyclef Jean] I'm ready, I'm ready Check, 'Clef, to, rock Hey I'm dancin with this girl, you find your own girl (Oh-own girl, oh-own-girl, oh-own-girl, oh-own-girl) It's still no fightin tonight though homey Geyeah, it's all love tonight [Verse One: Wyclef] My love good for all season, winter summer fall spring I got de {?} flow, ting-a-ling-a-ling Columbian swing when Shaki' do her t'ing One bright feed de power like Lords of the Ring Many fight fi the crown, but there's only one King Many girls want the title, but there's only one Queen One King for the Queen, one Queen for the King~! I don't wanna wake up if this thing is a dream [Chorus: Shakira] If you have no home, I'll be your shelter Baby don't be scared If you lost your sight, I would be your eyes Lead you in the spotlight If you've enough time, I will be one time Only to be with you tonight But ever is never, never enough time To make it forever mine [Verse Two: Wyclef] Time after time, you get better like fine wine I look into your eyes and see your soul in the skyline Call me Mr. Freeze I feel a chill in my spineline Cause every time you touch me, it's like a divine sign Many fight fi the crown, but there's only one King Many girls want the title, but there's only one Queen One King for the Queen, one Queen for the King~! I don't wanna wake up if this thing is a dream [Verse Three: Wyclef] And I don't wanna, put out this fire Transition {?} momma I feel my place where the soul get higher Nights get cold I gotta hold ya {?} slept in the middle of the sofa {?} and a loafer, but we had each other Christmas throw Santa down the chimney Felt like Pookie from New Jack when he got the turkey Cause we those ReFugees, survive the tsunami So ain't nobody gonna tell me this ain't what I need [Outro: Wyclef] Shaki', 'Clef, Jerry Wonder what we tell 'em boy (Find your own girl, find your own girl, find your own girl, find your own girl) Yo Cliff, let the horns go (Find your own girl, find your own girl, find your own girl, find your own girl) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ Paul Simon Album: Carnival Vol. II - Memoirs of an Immigrant Song: Fast Car Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Wyclef Jean] Yeah, this those Jersey boys [Verse One: Wyclef] I heard a man say Jesus Walks Me myself I heard Jesus talk Cause when I heard this beat I felt Jesus force I heard it through the wire that he made it out the coma from a fast car, it was a fast car Yeah~! Every day is like the wild wild West Some of us are Bad Boys, some of us are Outlawz Unsolved mystery, the killer get away L.A., Vegas at the end of the day in a fast car, drivin a fast car Yeah~! [Chorus: Wyclef + Paul Simon] You don't gotta be no billionaire To get a ticket up to the moon We all know somebody up there You need a helpin hand, look up right here To help you see clearly now To help you see clearly now I hope you see clearly now {*scratched: "AW YEAH!"*} [Verse Two: Wyclef] What would you do after your bachelor party In the bar celebratin with all your homies Go outside and you ready to ride Then over 51 shots but you ain't ready to die in your fast car, yeah, in your fast car Paul Simon, talk to 'em [Interlude: Paul Simon] When that fast car picks you up You will have no choice You may hear the tires screamin But you will have no voice When that fast car picks you up You will weep and smile and see Heaven in the headlights Mile after mile after mile after mile [Verse Three: Wyclef] E'rybody need some TLC So she headed to Honduras for some TLC, yeah Havin fun in Central America But she was a passenger, never a driver in that fast car yeah, ridin that fast car Yeah~! Sweet sixteen I see her leavin the scene Crossin the street she won't see 17 Blink of an eye, DWI Hit and run that's felonies in a fast car, ridin the fast car Yeah~! [Interlude] + [Chorus] {*scratched: "AW YEAH!"*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ Mary J. Blige Album: Carnival Vol. II - Memoirs of an Immigrant Song: What About the Baby Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Wyclef Jean] I want to apologize for makin you wait so long for the sequel Wyclef, Mary J., this one called What About the Baby You ever been like [Verse One: Wyclef] Let me talk to my daughter Daughter this is your poppa I know it's been a while We haven't talked [Mary J. Blige] But daddy you've been gone And me and mom have been all alone It's been a struggle and you weren't there for us He say [Wyclef Jean] Okay, when I called you She wouldn't put you on the phone She call the police, restrainin order 50 feet, from my home I tried, I ain't lyin It's so sad that the heavens cryin, AYY~! Once a boy and twice a man I'm just tryin to do the best I can Give me a chance girl [Chorus: Wyclef] A grown man ain't supposed to cry So why does water fill my eyes when I hear your voice Everything gon' be alright Baby girl I'm by your side, dry your eyes [Verse Two: Mary J. Blige] Let's talk this over Now see I heard everything that you told her But it's gon' take more than words for you to be a father, uh-huh Responsibilities of a man Like stayin faithful just for the fam' What if she knew that you chose another over her mother, aowwww! So you called her and I wouldn't put her on the phone I called the police yes, restrainin order 50 feet, from my home I tried, I ain't lyin It's so sad that the heavens are cryin, yeahhh Once a girl, twice of a man And I'ma try to do the best I can I can't give you a chance noooo [Chorus: Blige] A woman ain't supposed to cry So why don't you just wipe your eyes, dry your eyes You've learned a house is not a home When you're living all alone, and you want back home [Verse Three: Wyclef] WAIT A MINUTE GIRL! You're my joy, happiness that you bring Turn the fall back to spring girl, you're my bling You a hip-hop song I heard for the first time time Studied all the words to the rhyme You're my life, without you there's no sun, there's no moon There's no stars, shinin in the ni-iight [Mary J. Blige] But if I give you a chance, would you show me you care Be a man, no matter what the circumstances AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHOW~! [Chorus: Wyclef] A grown man ain't supposed to cry So why does water fill my eyes when I hear your voice [Blige] You've learned a house is not a home When you're living all alone, and you want back home [Chorus: Wyclef] A grown man ain't supposed to cry So why does water fill my eyes when I hear your voice (What about the baby~! What about the baby~!) Everything gon' be alright Baby girl I'm by your side, I apologize! I cry, and I cry, I cry {*fades out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ Chamillionaire Album: Carnival Vol. II - Memoirs of an Immigrant Song: Hollywood Meets Bollywood (Immigration) Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro: Wyclef Jean] Good morning America I wanna welcome y'all to Egypt, the land of the pyramids, yeah We got the UK in the house, U.S., India Jerusalem, people in Israel, shalom~! In the New Jerusalem, Jersey, ya HEARRRRRD me China, Africa, South America My people in Russia, I see y'all in Brooklyn Canada, Asia, okay, let's go - yeah Hollywood to Bollywood Get ready India, I'm coming! Wyclef, Chamillionaire, talk to them [Chorus: Wyclef] + (Chamillionaire) Bounce (when you hear the sound of them si-rens) Bounce (when they pull them guns cause they fi-ring) Whoahhhh, mucho trabajo Poquito di-ne-ro, I can't take this no more I've got to BOUNCE! Ah-ma-na-mahh, na-ma-na-mahh-ya-lalee (When you're on the run you'll get numb see) Whoahhhh, let me help you a-mi-go Hollywood meet Bollywood and Brooklyn on the drums [Verse One: Wyclef Jean] Marco Polo was an immigrant (yes he was) Columbus was an immigrant (yes he was) Even America was named after an immigrant... ... yes he was! People in the East (right here) People in the West (right here) People in the North (right here) Let me tell you 'bout the South Harriet Tubman, Underground, Underground Railroad ReFugees, in de seas, see them in they sailboats I got love for Miami all day But if my Cubans get to stay, why y'all turn my Haitians away? Immigration knockin at my do' I don't know what they knockin fo' It's so hard to live as illegal aliens Talk to 'em! Ladies and gents, Bollywood meet Hollywood You in the middle Back to Cairo [Chorus] - last five words changed to "Chamillionaire, Texas go!" [Verse Two: Chamillionaire] Partner named True, did you say he was next? Tell him let's better, rally aimin to get No green card but he made it to Tex-as Yes, they evadin arrest You need one he can get you three Never gettin caught was his specialty Livin life like he was a ReFugee Didn't like him, give a F-U-C K, ay man he had to chase it Clock kept tickin so he had to race it Had to make it, back to basics Followin the law, naw, had to break it Can't get a job, no applications Need money now, no havin patience Now they got him runnin in faster paces You lookin through the water - hey, that's The Matrix [Interlude: Wyclef] Immigration knockin at my do' I don't know what they knockin fo' It's so hard to live as illegal aliens [Outro: Wyclef Jean] Ladies and gentlemen, straight from Bombay You experiencin the great composer Ab'dish When Wyclef show up for the first time Bollywood meet Hollywood Over 250 violins, let's go Haiti! We everywhere, geyeah Carribeans stand up, bring me my elephant~! You wanna hear me speak Punjabi, okay {*Punjabi*} Okay {*Punjabi*} What's next? {*Punjabi*} Okay {*Punjabi*} Okay {*Punjabi*} Okay {*Punjabi*} Yeah {*Punjabi to end*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ Norah Jones Album: Carnival Vol. II - Memoirs of an Immigrant Song: Any Other Day Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Norah Jones] Hmmmmmmmm... mmmmmmm Today is, not like, any other DAYYYYYYY This one is runnin, turn a darker shade of GREYYYY What, will, I, have, left (tell me tell me) (Somebody tell me now) When, this, hard, rain's, gone awayyy There is a safe place, that I used to KNOWWW-hohhhh It's the only place, that I want to GOOOOOOO Where, else, could, I (tell me tell me) (Somebody tell me now) 'Til, this, hard, rain's, gone (ah-ah-away) [Wyclef Jean - repeat 2X] Grandma, grandpa, mother, father Sister, brother, Lord Please help the child I heard the preacher say it's okay, I heard the preacher say I see the airplane I hear the engine on the boat But y'all can't see me wavin the flag Somebody please wave the flag [Norah Jones] What, will, I, have, left (tell me tell me) (Somebody tell me now) When, this, hard, rain's, gone awayyy Today is, not like, any other DAYYYYYYY So I'm gone, I have to find, my own wayyyyyyyyyy (People, we gotta find another way!) Can, you, tell, me, how When, the, hard, rain's, gone (ah-ah-away) [Wyclef Jean] I see them wavin the flag Tell the chopper over here man we wavin the flag I see them wavin the flag Tell the boat over here man we wavin the flag Man I'm wavin the flag Tell the chopper over here man we wavin the flag Man I'm wavin the flag Tell the boat over here man we wavin the flag, wavin the flag, wavin the flag The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean Album: Carnival Vol. II - Memoirs of an Immigrant Song: Heaven's in New York Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus: Wyclef Jean] If it was my last day on Earth, treat it like my first Go out the way I came in So innocent so pure, with no thoughts of insecurity Live life to the fullest, be what I wanna be Last day on Earth I tell my momma don't cry See my daddy in paradise Where the blind can see, the mute can talk The crippled can walk, but for nowwww heaven's in New York Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-ohhh, oh-oh-oh heaven's in New York Oh-oh-oh-oh... I need a ticket, to New York [Wyclef Jean] First thing I'd do is go back in time Take the Twin Towers put it back in the skyline Tell my girl two wrongs still don't make it right Make love for the last time under the candlelight Pick up my homies, hit the gentleman club After that hit a pub, reminisce on the high school days Man I sucked as a quarterback~! Remember getting sacked man I almost broke my back [Wyclef Jean] Heaven's in New York, oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-ohhh, oh-oh-oh Heaven's in New York, oh-oh-oh-oh... I tell the man give the people a tax break Kids stop shootin I can't sing in no hallways I can't take the money with me, so I caught a movie Favorite actress, Angelina Jolie Favorite singer got to be Marley Turn up the bass and move to the stylee I can't go without readin my daughter a bedtime story The heavens is calling [Chorus] w/ variations [Wyclef Jean] Even though I walk through the valley of shadow of death I fear no evil, for you are with me So tell my loved ones please don't cry Cause if doves can fly... so can I! [Chorus] w/ variations [Wyclef Jean] Heaven's in New York, oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-ohhh, oh-oh-oh Heaven's in New York, oh-oh-oh-oh... Yeah, this one goes out to all my refugees that leave the land where they from, to come to the land of the free But don't forget once you get that dream To take it back to your country and give them a piece of that inspiration CHURCH! I need a ticket, to New York {*piano and instruments to fade*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ Akon, Lil Wayne, Raekwon Album: The Carnival II: Memoirs of an Immigrant (Bonus Disc) Song: Sweetest Girl (Remix) Typed by: andrei_47@list.ru, kirenamloh@msn.com [Intro: Wyclef Jean] (Lil Wayne) Some live for the bill Some kill for the bill (Rich Nice in your area, area...) She wined for the bill Grind for the bill (Weezy...and she used to be the sweetest girl) Some steal for the bill, if they got to pay they bill (and she used to be the sweetest girl) Tonight Wyclef, Akon, Weezy on the bill [Verse 1: Akon] Pimpin' got harder cause, hoes got smarter On the strip is something they don't wanna be a part of Rather be up in the club shakin' for a dub Get triple times the money and spending it like they wanna They got they mind on they money, money on they mind They got they finger on the trigger, hand on the nines See everyday they feel the struggle, but staying on they grind And ain't nobody takin' from us, and that's the bottom line But I know there's a drop in the block You move slow You gettin' pressure from cops you don't know whether or not to lay low Because 25 to life is no joke To all my real guerillas thuggin' On top of corners every day strugglin' All the beautiful women getting' money Washin' them dollar bills like laundry [Chorus 2X: Akon] Cause I'ma tell you, like Wu told me Cash Rules Everything Around Me Singin' dollar dollar bill y'all (dollar, dollar bill y'all) Singin' dollar dollar bill y'all (dollar, dollar bill y'all) [Verse 2: Wyclef Jean] High school she was that girl that make me do the hula hoop around the gym (Just to get a peek again, she's a 10) High school she was That girl that make me do the hula hoop around the gym (Just to get a peek again, she's a 10) Never thought she would come and work for the president Mr. George Washington (where my money at?) She balls, he'd call (where my money at?) She had a good day, bad day, sunny day, rainy day All he wanna know is (where my money at?) Closed legs don't get fed, go out there and make my bread All he wanna know is (where my money at?) She ended up in a road car, bruised up, scarred hard All he wanna know is (where my money at?) She bawls, he'd call (where my money at?) [Verse 3: Lil Wayne] (AND THIRD WEEZY!) She used to be the sweetest girl ever Whatever, now she like sour ameretta She wears a dress to the T like the letter And if you make it rain she will be under the weather She used to run track back in high school Now she tricks on the track right by school She takes a loss cause she don't wanna see her child lose So respect her, I'll pay up for the time used And then she runs to the pastor And he tells her there will be a new chapter But she feels no different after And then she asks him, "Where my money at?" [Verse 4: Raekwon] Yeah, light that..yes sir! (AY RAEKWON!!!) Move flow, then over the stove, open pie racks and smoke and chain dangled, vein in my brain tangled Thinkin bout broth in both coasts is all on my money made I should be revealed to Oprah But flashin to the times I was broke, no lights No gas, couldn't buy Ivory soap But got with a sick-type clique You know, the smart ones who came through frontin with the long jumps About a week later, we on, we been, hate us Shoebox and money lookin bummy my delagators Or ride for me, hide from me, bust a 4-5 for me Police come, see us gone, we survivors, shorty [Outro: Wyclef Jean] Some live for the bill Some kill for the bill She wined for the bill Grind for the bill (And she used to be sweetest girl Some steal for the bill, if they got to pay the bill (where my money at?) Tonight Wyclef, RAE-kwon, Weezy on the bill WHERE MY MONEY AT?? The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean Album: America - A Tribute to Heroes Song: Redemption Song Typed by: timmy.bogenburt@gmail.com Old pirate, yes, them rob I, sold I to the merchant ship Minutes after they took I from the bottomless pit But my hand was made strong by the hand of the almighty We struggle in this generation triumphantly New York City, won't you help me sing These songs of freedom, cause all I've ever had Redemption song, these songs of freedom Emancipate yourself from mental slavery, none but ourselves can free our mind Have no fear for atomic energy for none of them a cannot stop the time How long will you kill our prophet while we stand aside and look, ooh Some say it's just a part of it, we've got to fulfil that book Brooklyn, help me sing These songs of freedom, cause all I've ever had Redemption song, these songs of freedom Emancipate yourself from mental slavery, none but ourselves can free our mind Have no fear for atomic energy for none of them they can't a stop for the time How long will they kill our prophet while we stand aside and look, ooh Some say it's just a part of it, we've got to fulfil that book Won't you help me sing These songs of freedom, cause all I've ever had Redemption song, these songs of freedom A-Ame-rica, God bless America A-Ame-rica, the land of the free and the home of the brave A-Ame-rica, yeah, Amer, Amer, America A-Ame-rica New York City, let me see your hands in the air A-Ame-rica, God bless ya, America, yeah, oh yeah God bless Ame-rica Artist: Beyonce Knowles, Rah Digga, Wyclef Jean Album: MTV's Hip Hopera Soundtrack: Carmen Song: Cards Never Lie Typed by: Lilchopper68@aol.com [Beyonce] The cards never lie, my last breath a sigh and now I think about if it's my time to die I don't know what I was thinking, steady wasting time with Hill and I need to live my life because my time is unforgiven I can't understand how my life changed around Manifest my destiny, is it the brown on the grown? Blue skies are turning gray it's the point of indecision Leaving in the car and much be spent on television [Wyclef] Oh Girlfriend, get your mind on right Don't spend your time cause you can't waste your time Everyday like it's your last, but you must feed the mind Intervention comes and snatch up all your dreams from behine Love! You feel it and you got to let them know it Love! Your heart and that's the feeling that you go with If you have a dream you need to go and let them know it Cause you could wake up in the morning and it could be over [Beyonce] No, No, No, No I don't wanna, I don't wanna I don't wanna go Just, Just, Just let me stay home Let me live my dream, let me see another dawn No, No, No, No I don't wanna, I don't wanna I don't wanna go Just, Just, Just let me stay home Let me live my dream, let me see another dawn [Rah Digga] Carmen, don't listen cause the cards have deceit Just slide him the money, we don't need a receipt Truth only exists within the eyes of the beholder Plus he's kind of young for fortune telling He probably should be older [Wyclef] But the cards never lie, I thought I told you Now it's her turn to try, to reach her goals before she reaches the light [Beyonce] This is love It's like I'm trying to throw my life away Sometimes love is all you got and other times it makes you pay [Wyclef] Well when you finally rise Then you'll realize [Beyonce] The windows to the soul are not the hips but the eyes [Wyclef] Oh You could wish on the stars but they dead, just a lie [Beyonce] But they shine just as bright as they did their entire life No, No, No, No I don't wanna, I don't wanna I don't wanna go Just, Just, Just let me stay home Let me live my dreams, let me see another dawn No, No, No, No I don't wanna, I don't wanna I don't wanna go Just, Just, Just let me stay home Just let me live my dreams, let me see another dawn The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ The Product, Queen Pen Album: Cheated (To All the Girls) single Song: Cheated (To All the Girls) Typed by: elliskids@aol.com Wyclef: Chickenheads, gobble, gobble Thugs in the dance, no shootin', shootin', shootin' Hook: I cheated on you, you cheated on me  (to all the girls I cheated on before) And this is not the way it's supposed to be  (It's a new year, I got a new change of gear, I swear) So tell me girl, are you for real are you still down I'm telling you, I have no time to fool around  (to all the girls I cheated on before) Wyclef: Hey yo, dear queen, by the the time you get this letter It's 4 pages but my name ain't Aaliyah, what? I don't know much about biology or chemistry failed the SAT's, study Brooklyn Zoo-ology Remember me, Wyclef, the memory ectasy with no theory of manoghany "To be or not to be", last words from Shakespeare But a package says I wanna get rich with no fear A few good men in the new millineam Women got a new law, if you cheat you're a dead man so I been dead like 100 times Ask Cyndi Lauper, she'll tell you time after time Like a virgin when I hit it for the very first time She became a nymphomaniac and wanted it all the time A thin line between love and lust She mistake me for the rapper when I said "Can-I-Bus?" Hook: I cheated on you, you cheated on me  (to all the girls I cheated on before) And this is not the way it's supposed to be  (It's a new year, I got a new change of gear, I swear) So tell me girl, are you for real are you still down I'm telling you, I have no time to fool around  (to all the guys I cheated on before) Queen Pen: Yo, I checked for you since I was straight up strugglin' Before your cousin Jerry put you on, when you was nothin' So why you play me like I don't know jack ish ('Cause like K-Solo, your mom's in my business) Now who you wanna play loco to mine Feelin' kinda twisted, heard through the grapevine  that I'm doin' my thing, more more waiting (I swear) Many a years and many a tears I use chose remix to make it quite clear that he came in when you didn't want to be there and I fell victim to this one night affair by the time weeks came you was already there And still I come home just looking at you See I'm feeling kinda guilty but revengeful too All the dirt you done done, you don't know a clue Why I don't sex you no more, and that's not coo' Hook: I cheated on you, you cheated on me  (to all the guys I cheated on before) And this is not the way it's supposed to be  (It's a new year, I got a new change of gear, I swear) So tell me girl, are you for real are you still down I'm telling you, I have no time to fool around  (let me sum this all up) Wyclef: Yo, yo, yo, and yo from the college dorm and til the dusk is dawn I never felt cold until I lost one Don't let go like EnVogue chocked on Clash of the titans, now I'm on my unicorn I left New Jerus, I'm on my way to Brook-lawn Someone hit my bumper, I turned around and saw Sharon Got surprised because I saw little Shawn in the passenger seat with a bottle of Dom Remain calm, called Cocren on the horn Salaam, call up the chief 'cause a murder 'bout to go on What the bomb, bomb, but this ain't a reggea song It's like a old flick "Godzilla Versus King Kong" If you saw the movie than you know what's gonna happen West coat, down south, back to Manhattan Like Vanessa from "Soul Food" when she came at night, B Thank God it was a dream 'cause I woke up with my wifey Hook: I cheated on you, you cheated on me  (to all the girls I cheated on before) And this is not the way it's supposed to be  (It's a new year, I got a new change of gear, I swear) So tell me girl, are you for real are you still down I'm telling you, I have no time to fool around  (to all the girls I cheated on before) Salaam Remi collabo, Wyclef Jean, Product, yeah, Queen Pen 9-8 'til infinitee, for all you girls out there I cheated on before The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean	 Album: Cheated (To All The Girls) Single Song: Cheated (Rock Remix) Typed by: Wyclef531@aol.com [wyclef] {spoken} Rolling Stones could not be here with you tonight, Led Zepplin couldn’t be here with you tonight, but we got Wyclef Jean in the house tonight. Yo, I woke up on the other side of the bed. Tune into my rock station, and someone say hip-hoppers can’t play rock and roll, huh. [Wyclef] {singing} Chorus: I cheated on you, you cheated on me, and this is not the way that things are supposed to be, so tell me girl, is this for real or just an illusion? I pinch myself to make sure that Wyclef ain’t dreamin’ [Wyclef] {singing} Verse 1: By the time you here this song, it’ll be number 1 on your radioooooooooo. You’ll be drivin’ from the beach,  and your boyfriend will say turn it down real loooooow. You punch up the sun roof!  And you roll down the window, slam that pedal to the floooooooooor. whatchin the whats wrong (?) Shes havin a good jour (?) It said love don’t let me no mooooore  (to all the girls I cheated on before) [Wyclef] {singing} Chorus: I cheated on you, you cheated on me,  and this is not the way that things are supposed to be, so tell me girl, is this for real or just an illusion? I pinch myself to make sure that wyclef ain’t dreamin’ I cheated on you, you cheated on me (To all the girls I cheated on before) and this is not the way that things are supposed to be, so tell me girl is this for real or just an illusion? I pinch myself to make sure that Wyclef ain’t dreamin’ [Wyclef] {singing} Verse 2: I don’t know much about philosophy, play though, all I rest I know (?) all I know, when I met you, in the streets, the air wasn’t so cooooooooold. It’s like my whole world just changed. I’m like a ball with no chain, ground myself on the aaaaaaaaa-train. Reality struck me, how could you love me? When you slept with another maaaaaaaaaaaaan. [Wyclef] {singing} Chorus: I cheated on you, you cheated on me, and this is not the way that things are supposed to be.  (to all the girls I cheated on before) So tell me girl is this for real or just an illusion? I pinch myself to make sure that Wyclef ain’t dreamin’ I cheated on you, you cheated on me, (To all the girls I cheated on before) and this is not the way that things are supposed to be. So tell me girl, is this for real or just an illusion? I pinch myself to make sure that wyclef ain’t dreamin’  (School is out now, school is out, nah I’m Sayin?) [Wyclef] {singing} Verse 3: nah, nah, nah, nah, I had to play hooky, last friday, cause she hurt me. nah, nah, nah, nah, I lied to my mama, last friday, cause she hurt me. nah, nah, nah, nah, I might play hooky, this friday, if she hurts me. nah, nah, nah, nah, you ever play hooky, on a friday, cause she hurts you? [Wyclef] {spoken} Wyclef Jean Salaam Remi (ALLRIGHT!) Rock & Roll hall of fame Good night, good night (ALLRIGHT!) [Girl] {spoken} This is really good The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ Spragga Benz Album: Cheated (To all the girls) single Song: Chickenhead (Remix) Typed by: rta@gmx.de (Intro - Wyclef) Wyclef Jean with Spragga Benz You know I got the reggae mix but this ain't complete Know what I mean - to all the girls I cheated on before Right about now - all my thugs around the world If you love reggae music I want you to do this Check it out, yo Ah, put your lighter in the air, right, right Put your lighter in the air, right, right Put your lighter in the air, right, right This is going straight to number one, check it out, yo (Chorus - Wyclef) Chickenhead [Jack it up, jack it up] Hey yo, what's your prize tonight [yes, we have to jack it up] I see it in your eyes [Yes, we have to jack it up] You'll be alright tonight (Verse 1 - Wyclef) To all the girls I cheated on before, it's a new year Hey yo, dear queen, by the time you get this letter It's four pages but my name ain't Aaliyah I don't know much about biology or chemistry Failed the S.A.T.'s, study Brooklyn zoology Remember me, Wyclef the memory Ecstasy with no theory of manoghany To be or not to be, last words from Shakespeare But a package says I wanna get the bitch with no fear A few good men in a new millenium Woman got a new law, if you cheat you're a dead man So I've been dead like 100 times Ask Cyndi Lauper, she'll tell you time after time She became an infomaniac, wanted it all the time A thin line between love and lust She mistake me for the rapper when I said Can-I-Bus (Chorus) (Verse 2 - Spragga Benz) [To all the girls I cheated on before, Spragga Benz, where're you at, wher're you at] Chickenhead in a di bed, I feel dead, I feel dead We have to jack it up, jack it up - keep up your head Chickenhead in a di bed, I feel dead, I feel dead We have to jack it up, jack it up, jack it up, yo See my gal she a gimme a hug each day I come Each an hour, understand, now she be on the bum Wake up in di morning, all she know we are alone Each day I cheat on a chickenhead I figure on Bust it - man I go chill, me called a gal you wanna kill She have faith, she have di skill, I know she want it she will Gimme the right, a me remember, me have to come back for November but the gal fe mi calendar forget that be the day Chickenhead in a di beb, I feel dead, I feel dead We have to jack it up, jack it up - keep up your head Chickenhead in a di bed, I feel dead, Ifeel dead We have to jack it up, jack it up, jack it up, jack it up [Yo Spragga Man, what's going on] (Chorus) (Verse 3 - Wyclef) To all the girls I cheated on before, it's a new year Yo, yo, from the college dorm, until dusk is dawn I never felt cold until I lost one Don't let go like En Vogue chocked on Clash of the titans, now I'm in my unicorn I left New Jerus, I'm on my way to Brooklawn Someone hit my bumper, I turned around and saw Sharon Got surprised because I saw little Shawn In the passenger seat with a bottle of dom Remain calm, called Cocren on the horn Salaam, warm up the jeep, cause a murder about to go on What the bomb bomb but this ain't a reggae song It's like a old flick, Godzilla vs King Kong If you saw the movie than you know what's gonna happen Down South, west coast, than back to Manhattan Like Vanessa from "Soul food" when she came at night Thank God it was a dream cause I woke up with my wife (Chorus) (Wyclef) Thugs arond the world, yo Ah, put your lighter in the air, right, right Put your lighter in the air, right, right Put your lighter in the air, right, right Salaam Remi, Wyclef Jean, Spragga Benz Nobody's safe no more Lock your door, chickenheads on the loose ooooooooooooooaah, I'm out Refugee Camp abc, for your crews wanna test Good night, good night, good night The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ Queen Pen, The Product, and Naomi Campbell Album: Cheated (To All The Girls) - [CD-5] Song: What's Clef Typed by: HellrazorX@aol.com, strum1@ifu.ifu.net (Phone Rings) [Phone Voice Sample] If you'd like to make a call, dial your operator If you need help, try, try again Try, try again [Wyclef Jean] I got it started to my face I got it started to my face, right? What you thought, there wasn't gonna be no retaliation? Ha, ha, ha You gotta be kiddin'! You call my name four times on a record? Heh, heh! (Phone Rings) [Phone Voice Sample] If you need help, try, try again Try again [Wyclef Jean] Yo, "Return of Jack the Ripper," what? Nigga please I'ma push you further back than your hairline recedes New York City, don't get it confused Your song will last as long as your part in "Krush Groove" Body moves, the battles, bullets, the lesson You write about being a veteran, but not a legend Back from the war with thirty-two medals of honor You claimin' underground but never been to Bobbito the Barber Gimme them medals back, since you forgot how to rap Call DJ Bobcat and ask him where them old records at Like Channel Five karate, my kick is gonna reach ya A new episode where the student kills the teacher Any last words before I send you to your dream? Hold my hands and pray *Bismillah ir-Rahman ir-Rahim* You don't got knowledge yourself So you don't know what that mean, a'ight? Who suped you up to do the record in the first place? It lacked taste, you get "The Gas Face" like 3rd Bass L.L. stands for Lickin' Lyor, or Lickin' Lichty Lickin' Lyles, Lickin' Labels, lickin' they balls Under the conference room table When you hear this record, you bound to go AWOL I worked too hard, for this life is serious This ain't bulls-eye, I ain't your target practice So call Mr. Martin, I rarely kill often But in this sound clash, I got a bodybuilder's coffin Back from Miami where your record got no heat That's why your Def Jam interns call it "Battle of the Beats" You're weak nigga! (Phone Rings) [Phone Voice Sample] If you need help, try, try again Try again [Wyclef Jean] Yo, this my question [The Product] What's your question? What's Clef got to do with this, got to do with this? What's Clef? I'm not a Bob Marley impostor What's Clef got to do with this, got to do with this? Tell your ghost writers, "Go write something better" (Phone Rings) [Phone Voice Sample] If you need help, try, try again Try again [Wyclef Jean] Guess who? Uh-oh, uh-oh Here we go-o, uh-oh Every two records you do scenario You get the best MCs, how? To rhyme first Of course you rap last, so you can show off your skirt I guess it didn't work on "4 3 2 1" You got out done by Canibus the young gun Your last weapon, is to call out Wyclef Jean Not knowing that you callin' fire for your cremation Jammin' and cool, sumpthin' like you Jamaicans say, "L.L. a fool" Kids wet too who do the pool Let bells ring like Sunday school L.L. Cool J is hard as hell? So hard at night he's Jezebel I heard the teller, Himmemel How you think he wrote the song? Rock the bells! [The Product] Yo, Clef I know you got styles, but get back to the issue kid This is real! [Wyclef Jean] Yo, don't get me angry, like the Hulk, I’ll turn green Your marriage is a cover up, 'cause you use Vaseline Fun love of hip-hop, these lyrics got you steamed Knowing damn well that bad men don't wear g-strings Another side of Clef, the face you won't seein' oppressed I even got the Devil worshippers sayin', "God bless" You star struck, and I'ma buck you like Carlito And when they say, "Who did it?," you tell them Benny Blanco Wyclef, preacher's son, check the revelation Polygram buy Def Jam for twenty million MCA buy Polygram for eleven billion I come to Sony and get pimped by the Haitian-Sicilians And I'll even, get you an ad in "The Source" You'll be the first rapper selling products for hair loss The W-Y-C-L-E-F, Wyclef The return of Jack the Ripper was only to meet his death The next time, you wanna dis me for kicks Get off my dick, go somewhere and lick your lips, bitch! (Phone Rings) [Phone Voice Sample] If you need help, try, try again Try again [The Product] Rest in peace! What's Clef got to do with this, got to do with this? What's Clef? I'm not a muscle man impostor What's Clef got to do with this, got to do with this? Watch what you ask for, 'cause you just might get it [Naomi Campbell] Yo, this is Naomi Campbell chillin' with Wyclef I just wanna tell you L.L., your record is wack L.L., why don't you just give up? (Phone Rings) [Phone Voice Sample] If you need help, try, try again Try again If you need help, try, try again Try, try again The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ Yxia Album: Cheerful 12" Song: Belly Dance Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Wycler Jean] Wyclef AKA Mr. Reloaded All di sexy girls, di sexy belly dem Hey hey, this one goes out to the fine senoritas All over the world belly dancin in the villa See her in the dance gettin tipsy of Tequilla The way she moves her hips she reminds me of Shakira [Chorus: Yxia] (Wyclef Jean) Belly dance, belly dance (She gone get up and dance all night and do the) Belly dance (New dance) Belly dance (New dance) Belly dance (She wanna forget her problems tonight and do the) Belly dance [Verse 1: Wyclef Jean] I get a call from Shakira Shakira I was gone but she made me come back before November The rhythm of her belly got me dancin till the summer I surrender, now every girl, come on come on From Havana to Copa Cabana, Africa to Osaka Di belly dancin gettin really hotter than di summer Jamaican, Haitian, Latinas and Gyptians Dem a do di belly dance and movin frisky Di way dem a wine dem lookin tipsy Tek a man rum and tek a bottle of whiskey Girl yuh a wine and do di belly ting Mi love how yuh look hot show yuh belly ring And how yuh showed up showed up wid yuh pretty belly skin Mek a man hair wanna stand uplike a Don King HEY!!! [Chorus: Yxia] (Wyclef Jean) Belly dance, belly dance (She gone get up and dance all night and do the) Belly dance (New dance) Belly dance (New dance) Belly dance (She wanna forget her problems tonight and do the) Belly dance [Verse 2: Wyclef Jean] For Fully Loaded ask (?) you know I'm always loaded Back for Fully Loaded tell Renaissance you know I'm always loaded I got a truck full of girls dem a do di belly dance some slim some overloaded Back to New York, to the airport Girl pick me up in a brand new sport (HEY) Look into her eyes and I got the feeling Tonight she belly dancin to the ceiling [Chorus: Yxia] (Wyclef Jean) Belly dance, belly dance (She gone get up and dance all night and do the) Belly dance (New dance) Belly dance (New dance) Belly dance (She wanna forget her problems tonight and do the) Belly dance [Bridge: Wyclef Jean] This one goes out to the fine senoritas All over the world belly dancin in the villa See her in the dance gettin tipsy of Tequilla The way she moves her hips she reminds me of Shakira Jamaican, Haitian, Latinas and Gyptians Dem a do di belly dance and movin frisky Di way dem a wine dem lookin tipsy Tek a man rum and tek a bottle of whiskey Girl yuh a wine and do di belly ting Mi love how yuh look hot show yuh belly ring And how yuh showed up showed up wid yuh pretty belly skin Mek a man hair wanna stand uplike a Don King HEY!!! [Chorus: Yxia] (Wyclef Jean) Belly dance, belly dance (She gone get up and dance all night and do the) Belly dance (New dance) Belly dance (New dance) Belly dance (She wanna forget her problems tonight and do the) Belly dance [Outro: Wyclef Jean] Wyclef, Yxia in the building let's go HEY HEY HEY HEY HEY HEY HEY HEY!!!! Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ South Park Kids (Matt Stone, Trey Parker) Album: Chef Aid - The South Park Album Song: Bubblegoose Typed by: brians@compusmart.ab.ca [Wyclef] I go by the name of Wyclef Jean    We are the RefFugee All-Stars (one two)    We salute the soldiers around the world [Eric C] Hell yes! [Wyclef] This one is called bullet in your bubblegoose {*Wyclef begins harmonizing*} [Eric C] Mack 10! [Kyle B] Cartman, this isn't Mack 10 [Eric C] SERIOUSLY, Mack 10! [Wyclef Jean] Sit right back and you'll hear a tale of a hustler 'round my way Who used to clock, around the block from where my grandma stayed Black BMW with rims to match Windows bulletproof One night he jumped out the car and caught a bullet in his bubblegoose Chorus One: Wyclef + Kids (repeat 2X) He caught a bullet in his bubblegoose He caught a bullet in his bubblegoose You can be - at the party gettin loose but you can catch a bullet in your 'goose [Wyclef] Sit right back and you'll hear a tale    of a young girl around my way [Eric C] Wesssyde! [Wyclef Jean] Who used to dance around the way from where my homeboys stayed Black BMW with rims to match Windows bulletproof One night she jumped out the car and caught a bullet in her bubblegoose Chorus Two: Wyclef + Kids (repeat 2X) She caught a bullet in her bubblegoose She caught a bullet in her bubblegoose You can be - at the party gettin loose but you can catch a bullet in your 'goose {*Wyclef begins harmonizing*} [Eric C] Mack 10, you guys [Stan M] This isn't Mack 10! [Eric Cartman]  It IS MACK 10!!! .. Kenny? Your family's poor Kenny! Get up Kenny! Kenny, you can't just die Yeahhh, Mack 10 in the hiz-ouse you guyyys! Chorus Two  [Kyle B] Damn that's high dude! [Eric C] Yeah, Mack TEN!! [Wyclef] This one for the people [Eric C] Hell yeah! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean Album: DJ Skribble's Traffic Jams Song: The Streets Are Like A Jungle Typed by: FugeeCamp@aol.com [Wyclef] One, two... One, two-One,two... Yo! (Chorus) Hey yo! The Streets Are Like A Jungle I'm countin' money in the jungle Hey yo! The Streets Are Like A jungle Guns go off in the jungle [Wyclef - Verse One] I tip my derby like Zorro Ain't no such things as war heroes Frontline planes fly by, like the sparrow (BLAOW!) My face hits the dirt, flashbacks of Vietnam Remind me of the L.A. riots, when it was on Fire hits the street, neon lights are bright My tank cuts the corner, enemies take flight (That's right!) Make no mistake, you can't have this cake it took too long to bake and you can't carry this weight, so move on These are the words of the elders Babysitters got caught with cocaine in a baby's diapers Explain that, in the form of a rap She got caught with vals, A-CRACK-A-LACK-A-LACK!!! Now I'm upset, I get back to the projects First one I blast was a usual suspect, a fiend In the alley, named Ricky Talked to a Det. rookie, gave him the info About the paliquo, and where he gotta go All he want in return is a Sony stereo [Chorus 1x] [Wyclef - Verse Two] Hey yo my mind is my business so I'm... Minding my own, in the club 'til this girl said, "Let me see your telephone" I passed her my celly She called her girl Mary And said that she just broke up with her nigga out in D.C. She needs a new honey, in the city she gets lonely I finally figured out her man's locked up in a penatentary So tell me, what should I do when she gets off the phone? The devil said, "Clef, take her ass home!" God says, "Repect her, her man's in the pen" This kid pushed me from behind, "Yo, why you fuckin' with my woman?!!!" Then his girl looked at me, she winked! I blinked! Now he's coming up to me with the gorilla instinct Aww, cool-n-shit! I'm sittin' here eatin' shrimp Besides, I would hate for you to be a missing link He said, "Son, do you know who I am?! I'm no man, but one man who? The son of Sam!" I said you've got this wrong, I never sung your girl a love song He drew for his weapon, there's no more conversation Cock!Cock!Cock!Cock!Cock!Cock! He released!  then breathe, His aim went off balance The music got tense That's when I knew I was in trouble! The street is like a jungle! I jumped behind the bar, but caught two in the ankle! POW! (Echo) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean Album: Gallop 7" Song: Senorita Typed by: Gemini_20502K@blackplanet.com [Intro] Yo this is Mr. Wyclef Jean (Yeah uh huh) This is your 911 man (Uh huh) your Gone Till November man (Uh huh) Your Two Wrongs don't make it right man, let's go, let's go (Uh huh) Let's go (Uh huh) Let's go(Uh huh) Let's go, let's go (Come on) Senorita, when you wine don't break the speaker (Hey) Let me see you go down a little further Wine your body show style they never heard of (Bounce sexy girl) Senorita, you make a shotta wanna bawl for murder (Yeah) The way you throw that curve up, senorita push a little further [Verse 1] To the fat to the slim such a nice little thing could a Giddy up, giddy up, giddy up Every man in the dance wanna dance with the queen could I Giddy up, giddy up, giddy up Walk in the party everybody irie, no spanish yo but te quero The way that mami shakin, she got me hallucenatin Got, ground breakin the whole California earthquakin The way she move it groove it lose it to the sound of music Senorita, when you wine don't break the speaker (Hey) Let me see you go down a little further Wine your body show style they never heard of (Bounce sexy girl) Senorita, you make a shotta wanna bawl for murder (Yeah) The way you throw that curve up, senorita push a little further [Verse 2] To the fat to the slim such a nice little thing could a Giddy up, giddy up, giddy up Every man in the dance wanna dance with the queen could I Giddy up, giddy up, giddy up Yo, hot, girl, doin your dance I don't know what to call it but I feel a romance By the way you glance I think I stand a chance Thug Passion 'gon leave you in a ambulance It's all love you the number one dub I ain't even play you yet I'm waitin for the clash love Come on get it get it get it get it non stop After the club we 'gon take it to the roof top Senorita, when you wine don't break the speaker (Hey) Let me see you go down a little further Wine your body show style they never heard of (Bounce sexy girl) Senorita, you make a shotta wanna bawl for murder (Yeah) The way you throw that curve up, senorita push a little further [Verse 3] This one goes out to the fine senorita Bubble to the bassline and wine to the tweeter Bonita Chiquita drinkin champagne by the liter And I won't stop singin, until she surrenders Senorita, when you wine don't break the speaker (Hey) Let me see you go down a little further Wine your body show style they never heard of (Bounce sexy girl) Senorita, you make a shotta wanna bawl for murder (Yeah) The way you throw that curve up, senorita push a little further [Repeat Verse 1] [Repeat Chorus until end] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ Canibus, R. Kelly, Khadejiah Bass Album: Gone Til November 12" Song: Gone Til November (The Makin' Runs Remix) * * send all corrections to janis@betatesters.com [Wyclef Jean] Tell me how you like it Right about now I know y'all diggin this, so just... turn up, your radio wherever you at We about to bring it This is Wyclef Jean up here ("Word to Wyclef" - Busta Rhymes) With Canibus workin the night shift ("Word to Wyclef") Yo, we want all the ladies to put your hands in the air ("Word to Wyclef") and sing this song with us ("Word to Wyclef") Yo, R. Kelly, ya ready? Come on [R. Kelly] Now everytime I make a run (uh-huh, uh-huh) Girl, you turn around and cry I ask myself oh, why ohhh why... (uh-huh, uh-huh)  See you've got to understand I can't work a nine to five So I'll be gone... til November [Wyclef + Khadejiah Bass] Tell me say Michelle, my belle Yo I'll be gone til November Standin on the block where the spot get hot, selling rocks Guaranteed to get set up, by crooked cop Michelle, my belle (you was wrong) I know it's wrong, I wrote this rap song Forgive me when I'm gone, me and Canibus we workin the night shift, shift, shift [Wyclef Jean] I got it made, hey last word from the hustler Hey, young 'Clef, take care of your mother Looked at him and replied, "Yo, daddy where you goin?" He said, "To Baltimore," he'll be back in the mornin Gave my mom a hug for her soul when she cry Every man want heaven, no man want die Vanished through the door, all I saw was his shadow Heard mom echo, "I don't wanna be a widow" That's when I realized, death was ahead Old man pulled off, in a black caravan With some dark skinned brothers who looked Sicilian singing Karma Karma Karma Karma Karma Cha-me-leon [Prazwell/Dirty Cash] Yeah, yeah, check it, can't stop the shinin You wanna stop the shinin? No doubt, ahh [Wyclef Jean] Everytime I make a run (uh-huh, uh-huh) Girl, you turn around and cry (uh-huh, uh-huh) I ask myself why, oh why (you need muscle for da hustle) See you must understand (uh-huh, uh-huh) I can't work a nine to five (uh-huh, uh-huh) So I'll be gone, til November (uh-huh, uh-huh) [Wyclef + Khadejiah Bass] Tell me say Michelle, my belle Yo, I'll be gone til November Standing on the block where the spot get hot selling rocks Guaranteed to get set up by a crooked cop Tell me say Michelle, my belle (you was wrong) I know it's wrong, I wrote this rap song Forgive me when I'm gone, me and Canibus (soooo wronnnng) we workin the night shift, shift, shift [Canibus] Me and 'Clef, we ready to get it on, the three and a half pound organ imbedded in our skulls is what makes us better than y'all I'm telling you God, ain't nobody reppin this hard since Genghis Khan We raise Hell til the heavens fall Me and my Fugee affiliates buildin, wit plans to make millions over a quiet game of billiards Black Sicilians, the descendants of West Indian pilgrims With the power to collapse buildings Riding across the ocean floor like Poseidon on a seahorse to reach our overseas tours By the middle of March, when the pregnancy starts in my lady's placenta, I'll be gone 'till November (come on) [R. Kelly + Wyclef] Now everytime I make a run Girl, you turn around and cry (uh-huh, uh-huh) I ask myself oh why, oh why (you need muscle for the hustle, uh-huh) See you've got to understand (uh-huh) I can't work a nine to five (uh-huh) So I'll be gone, til November [Wyclef + Khadejiah Bass] Tell me say Michelle, my belle Yo I'll be gone til November Standin on the block where the spot get hot, selling rocks Guaranteed to get set up by a crooked cop Michelle, my belle (you was wrong) I know it's wrong, I wrote this rap song Forgive me when I'm gone, me and Canibus we workin the night shift, shift, shift (Are you a) S-O, S-O (A meanine) so-so, so-so [Wyclef Jean] You gave the feds more info than Sammy "The Bull" Gravano Jeremiah wore the wire, snitch on Zachariah In return the feds offer the throne to Neb'kenezer [Canibus] Trust me, you don't wanna be the one we bring it to Our lyrical, can make your rap careers real miserable You ain't invincible all we gotta do is get pissed at you Point you out to some people that'll physically injure you [Wyclef Jean] It's like Lord, take this ass whippin some more Like Jay-Z, "pa-pa's," someone pass the guaze [R. Kelly + Wyclef] Now everytime I make a run (uh-huh) Girl, you turn around and cry I ask myself oh why, oh why (you need muscle for the hustle) See you've got to understand I can't work a 9 to 5 So I'll be gone, til November... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean Album: Gone 'Til November 12'' Song: Gone 'Til November (Pop Version) Typed by: DeMoNiKuS@AOL.com [Wyclef - Spoken] I wanna dedicate this song, Gone 'Til November... To all you ladies out there, crying all alone in your room And all you fellas, going down south...Not making it back... May the lord bless your soul, I love you girl [Wyclef - Chorus] Every time I make a run Girl you turn around and cry I ask myself, why oh why? See you must understand I can't work a nine to five so I'll be Gone...'Til November Said I'll be Gone 'Til November I'll be Gone 'Til November Yo, tell my girl yo I'll be Gone 'Til November I'll be Gone 'Til November I'll be Gone 'Til November Yo, tell my girl yo I'll be Gone 'Til November January, February, March, April, May... I see you crying, but girl I can't stay I'll be Gone 'Til November I'll be Gone 'Til November... And give a kiss to my mother... [Wyclef - Verse One] Girl I gotta leave, please don't cry When I come back, you know the limit's the sky I'll take you out to dinner, to your favorite spot Feed you an aphrodisiac just to get you hot Drive-by movies, by a cemetary If my corpse could talk then I would tell you I was sorry Lifestyles of The Rich & Famous, Some die with a name, some die nameless [Chorus 1x] [Wyclef - Verse Two] We had nothin' I had to do something So I'm Knocking On Heaven's Door, like I'm Bob Dylan Ever comtemplating, the charges I'm facing My new-born son, I hope I see his graduation Take him to the movies, by the cemetary If my corpse could talk then I would tell him, I was sorry Lifestyles of The Rich & Famous Some die with a name, some die nameless! [Chorus 1x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ Canibus, Manhunt Album: Gone 'Til November 12" Song: No Airplay Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Wyclef] Yo the Brooklyn Bridge is gonna collapse y'know? Yo this Wyclef Jean and the ReFugee All-Stars up in here Yo what's this I hear about the police in Brooklyn? Turn this jam up, yo, yo This the type of jam that be getting no airplay I want the whole world to hear this joint right here, yo This the type of jam that be getting no airplay You asked for it buddy, here it comes One two, watch out for the man in blue Three four, I keep it raw and hardcore Five six, you're beating us with nightsticks Seven eight, I'm forced to pack a thirty-eight Nine ten, you put me in a pen; if I could do it all again, I'd probably bust your chin *repeat 2X: first time "ah"; second time "once I leave the pen"* I'm from a land of black bats, alley rats and cats Scratch up my car, set me up for the carjack Under pressure, I gotta leave the gat Two straps, a total of sixteen caps Say something positive? No positivity More positivity, more positivity brutality Thugs get angry, the violence increase You want peace, make Wyclef chief of police Riding through the hood, it's the same ol story It's either you play ball or you drug dealy dealy Standin on the block when the spot get hot Guaranteed to get set up, by a crooked cop So I'm sittin back, rhymin on instrumentals Anything I touch, it turns monumental Me and Jerry Wonder, we keep it credible for the streets, at the same time, we gotta eat When we commercialize it's to enterprise We guarantee to sell a hundred mil before we die But Jerry is broke, that's the situation Nine-seven, it's like no more eviction No more war milk, no more government cheese Police keep on shootin at our bulletproof Bentley Yo this the type of jam that be getting no airplay The Brooklyn Bridge about to collapse, apocalypse This the type of jam that be getting no airplay The ghettoes are fed up, we got the arms in the air One two, watch out for the man in blue Three four, I keep it raw and hardcore Five six, you're beating us with nightsticks Seven eight, I'm forced to pack a thirty-eight Nine ten, you put me in a pen; if I could do it all again, I'd probably bust your chin [Manhunt] Yo bust this Forty caliber, seventeen through your character Waterworld's world, underwater, Sub Mariner Derringer, twenty-two one in the challenger Seven, four-eight, 23rd on the calender My word verses, burst raps you rap nervous It's worthless, you get smashed up, on the surface Projectile, my forty-four style, blood on silver The red ripper, fill up the resevoir nigga Armageddeon, you smack dead on, a world crisis The nicest, for sixteen bars, of preciseness [Wyclef] One two, watch out for the man in blue Three four, I keep it raw and hardcore Five six, you're sticking me with nightsticks Seven eight, I'm forced to call Canibus Nine ten, you put me in a pen; if I could do it all again, I'd probably bust your whole chin [Canibus] You got a gat nigga, use it, go 'head pull it Scientists got raw footage of me dodgin bullets I walk the streets with heat, three biscuits Outnumberin niggaz twin glocks with triplets When I spit shit I lace it, you get punched in face with puncutations of five-knuckle phrases I assure you the vocalist standin before you will destroy you with temperatures hot enough to flamebroil you My tongue moves much faster than yours do Every three thousand styles I change my voiceboxes oil Embarass you in front of your crew to annoy you If you know some chicks that suck a good dick, then I'll employ you To this hip-hop shit, Canibus stays loyal That's why every Killuminati I battle somebody for you I'm warnin you, me versus you, I hurt you My balance enables me to squaredance in a circle Your head'll spin so fast you'll catch whiplash I practice lyrical witchcraft on your bitch ass Make your hard drive crash to C colon backslash (C:/) Go back to the roots and reprogram your wack ass, nigga [Wyclef] One two, watch out for the man in blue Three four, I keep it raw and hardcore Five six, you're sticking us with nightsticks Seven eight, I'm forced to pack a thirty-eight Nine ten, you put me in a pen; if I could do it all again, I'd probably bust your whole chin Where Brooklyn at? Where Brooklyn at? (right here, right here) A-ight? New Jersey in the house... The people versus gestapo, what what Yo, there'll be no sequel to this revolution There will be no sequel to this revolution The people versus gestapo There'll be no sequel to this revolution, what what The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean Album: Greensleeves Rhythm Album #18-Bun Bun AKA Rice & Peas Part 2 Song: Gangsta Cause Typed by: Gemini_2050@Hotmail.com [Intro] Wyclef, AKA Richie S You know what I'm sayin on the rice and peas riddim Y'all thought I ain't eat rice and peas y'all crazy Spragga...Elephant Man brought y'all the Jamaican part of it I'm gone bring y'all the world, part of it This is another, Natural Bridge production! So all my warriors and gangstas 'round the world You should learn your history before you stray It's not a game, so If you can't You will might find yourself playin russian roulette [Verse 1] Yo! Shoutout to all my warriors and all of my thugs (Thugs) Learn your history before you start buss slugs (Slugs) You might turn around and see your flesh on the rug Ya hear me ya hear me ya hear me, yo! Shoutout to all my warriors and all of my thugs (Thugs) Learn your history before you start buss slugs (Slugs) You might turn around and see your brains on the rug Ya hear me ya hear me ya hear me ya hear me Hitler, was the evil part of that Mussolini, was the puppet part of that That's why they hung him by his toe gave him a heart attack Joseph Stallion killed millions never thoguht of that FDR Churchill the peace part of that Castro, the communist part of that Arafat and Kadaffi the terrorist part of that Damn Sadat got shot amongst all of that Sadam made the poison gas part of that Apartheid Mandela, fought for that Malcolm X, Martin Luther gave their life for that Farrakhan did the million man march for that So all my warriors and gangstas 'round the world You should learn your history before you stray It's not a game, so If you can't You will might find yourself playin russian roulette [Verse 2] Yo! To all of my warriors and all of my thugs (Thugs) Learn your history before you start buss slugs (Slugs) You might turn around and see your flesh on the rug Ya hear me ya hear me ya hear me, yo! To all of my warriors and all of my thugs (Thugs) Learn your history before you start buss slugs (Slugs) You might turn around and see your brains on the rug Ya hear me ya hear me ya hear me ya hear me Bonnie And Clyde, the bank robber part of that John Dillinger, the Tommy Gun part of that Babyface Nelson was murdered they said naw to that Elliot Ness, the FBI nod to that Al Capone ran Chitown part of that Lucky Luciano was the street smarts of that Gambino crime family mastered that Break bones, so you would have to blast for that Cassolino died in the bloodbath of that John Gotti was the dapper dan part of that Sammy The Bull, BUCK!!! informer that Bumpy Johnson held uptown part of that Yo! To all of my warriors and all of my thugs (Thugs) Learn your history before you start buss slugs (Slugs) You might turn around and see your flesh on the rug Ya hear me ya hear me ya hear me, yo! To all of my warriors and all of my thugs (Thugs) Learn your history before you start buss slugs (Slugs) You might turn around and see your brains on the rug Ya hear me ya hear me ya hear me ya hear me So all my warriors and gangstas 'round the world You should learn your history before you stray It's not a game, so If you can't You will might find yourself playin russian roulette The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean Album: Gunpowder Import 12" Song: Bubblegoose (Bakin' Cake Version) Typed by: TysonCHAMP@aol.com [Wyclef - Hook] What do you mean?  A pocket full of green Here comes the fiend, all we do is bake cake I've gotta get my break, if you can relate We've gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta escape Yo, what do you mean? Here comes the fiend A pocket full of green, all I do is bake cake I've gotta get my break, if you can relate We've gotta gotta gotta gotta gotta escape yo [Wyclef - Verse One] Hey yo, my pen's in my hand, okay what should I write next? Oh yeah, and if you don't know, success brings stress I'm vexed,  My phone rings, collect call from Jeff The operator say, "If you accept, say yes" "Yes, what's the deal, son?" "I got bad news" Yo, by the tone of his voice, I heard the ill street blues "The friends who make you, them too can break you They plan an execution like Fu Man Chu" "Who?" "You know the character from channel 5 kung-fu" "Yo Jerry slow down son, I'm losing you yo" "Your cousin Rohan who used to sell bang (uh-huh) DT's found his hand in the back of Bennigans (uh-huh) In a plastic bag with a note attached (mmhmm) A million and a half or he won't be back" "So meet me by the Brooklyn Bridge, 12:00 sharp" If not, at the funeral they gotta play the harp" Why they wanna start and make me play my part? Don't they know like Sting, I can turn this murder into art? Jumped into my car, it's gotta be a joke Traffic's backed up, who's in town, the Pope, huh? [Hook] [Verse Two] You're shootin' in the opposite position I'm thinking, "Should I fire or hold back on ammunition On your wig transition?" My mission, like Take 6, is to spread love But all you screwed mugs got me wearing black gloves You up in my face, I see the fear in your eyes You want to feel the pain like a grown man getting circumcised Shalom, shalom, hey pardon my left But my right hand's on your throat, massaging you to death You provoke the cycle, call Michael You're lookin' in the mirror, well, I'm in your window, uh-oh You hear me Urkel? Your blood will turn purple Like the colour, you holler, balling for your mother No one hears you even though you knock You used to walk around the block with the ditty bop Things done changed since your spot got hot Now you've got your knot wocked with your very own glock! [Hook] ...He's dead... The moral of the story is Get out of the game, before the game plays you Big shout out to Mike Tyson Big shout out to Tiger Woods I'm learning how to play golf now, even though I think the sport is... B O R I N G! ! ! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean Album: Gunpowder Import 12" Song: Men In Blue (No Airplay) Typed by: TysonCHAMP@aol.com [Wyclef] Yo, the Brooklyn Bridge is going to collapse yo Yo, this is Wyclef Jean the Refugee Allstars up in here The CNN for the world Yo what's this I here about the police in Brooklyn? Turn this jam up yo Yo this is the type of jam that be getting No Airplay I want the whole world to hear this joint right here (apocalypse baby) Yo this is the type of jam that be getting No Airplay You asked for it buddy, here it comes... [Wyclef - Hook] - 2x One, two ; watch out for the man in blue Three, four; I keep it raw and hardcore Five, six; you're beating us with nightsticks Seven, eight; I'm forced to pack a thirty-eight Nine, ten; you put me in a pen  if I could do it all again, I'd probably bust your chin [Wyclef - Verse One] I'm from a land of black bats, alley rats and cats Scratch up my car, set me up for the carjack Under pressure, I've got a legal gat Two straps, a total of sixteen caps Say something positive? More positivity More positivity, more police brutality Thugs get angry, the violence increase You want peace, make Wyclef chief of police Riding through the hood it's the same old story It's either you play ball or you drug dealy-dealy Standing on the block when the spot gets hot Guaranteed to get set up, by a crooked cop So I'm sittin back, rhyming on instrumentals Anything I touch, it turns monumental Me and Jerry Wonder, we keep it credible for the streets At the same time we've gotta eat When we commercialize it's to enterprise We're guaranteed to sell a hundred mil before we die But Jerry is broke, that's the situation Nine-seven, it's like no more eviction No more war milk, no more government cheese Police keep on shooting at our bulletproof Bentleys [Pre-chorus] Yo this is the type of jam that be getting No Airplay The Brooklyn Bridge is about to collapse, apocalypse This the type of jam that be getting No Airplay The ghetto is fed up, we got the arms in the air [Hook] - 1x [Wyclef - Verse Two] Hey yo, back on Earth, the party's still at the Tunnel on the West side of the river, what man quiver Rats get fed to the alligator Gun blasts equivalent to the bombs in Pearl Harbor Rescue choppers, Brooklyn turned to Hiroshima I'm driving to Jersey to escape the terror I was on the highway pushing a black Viper A car pulls up, is he a jack or a sniper? A blue Range Rover, he says pull over I didn't know he was a DT undercover I screamed out my lungs, 'This is discrimination! What's the charge?'  He said, 'You just robbed a gas station' 'Who me? Not me! It couldn't be,  I was at the Grammy's with L-Boogie, didn't you see me on TV?' 'B.S.!, you're all in the same gang' He ran me off the road, like he was Roscoe Pe-col-trane I stayed calm, gave him a hell of a show Cause if it's ever time to go, all I gotta press is turbo Heard him on his walkie, road block on 280 West Things got serious, that's when I bust a left U-Turn, my tires burn, my concern, was the truck comin head-on collision waited a second, changed position Close one heh, I almost went up in a blaze Running from what appeared to be a masquerade You know the story, it's the same old math In Brooklyn, police put a plunger up a man's ass! [Pre-Chorus] This is the type of jam that be getting No Airplay The Brooklyn Bridge will collapse son! This is the type of kam that be getting No Airplay Police brutality needs to stop!!! [Hook] I'm out!  Wyclef Jean, CNN...CNN...CNN! (Where Brooklyn at?! Where Brooklyn at?) Can't forget Jersey though baby! Police brutality is all around the whole world, we really need to chill all of that out... The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ Mavado Album: Hold On 12" Song: Hold On Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Chorus: Wyclef Jean] (Mavado)  Hold on, be strong, no matter what your goin through  You know it's 'gon be ok (OK!) today  Even if the Chiney K sprays [Verse One: Wyclef Jean]  Like I said on BET from the hood to the projects to the mansion So you got no excuse stop blamin the recession  Go hard, and if you a single mom raisin babies on your own This one's for you play it as loud as you want Every block, every school, dream initiation  So build the world make it a better place like Michael Jackson we don't wanna see another 9-11 happen  Wish I had talked to them teenagers when them RPG's go in  Head on with the navy seals I would've told them there's a better way  [Chorus: Wyclef Jean] (Mavado)  Hold on, be strong, no matter what your goin through  You know it's 'gon be ok (OK!) today  Even if the Chiney K sprays  We gotta hold on, be strong  I know that you don't think that I can read your palms  But I see the dawn (The dawn) beyond (Beyond!) Beyond I can see the sunlight  And if the raaaaaaaaiiiiiiiiiinnnnnnn!!!! falls down!!!!  It ain't nothin but a blessed day today  The suuuuuuuuunnnnnnn!!!!! will shiiiiiinnnnnnnnnineeee!!!! After the rain dries!!!!! [Verse Two: Mavado]  To all my thugs that's gone, memories live on  I guess, see you at the crossroad!!!!  So many cry when we die and they wonder if we're in the sky  See you at the crossroad!!!!  I see you in my dream, that night, that crime scene  But don't worry, see you at the crossroad!!!!  Remember we still a team and I know you can hear me now  See you at the crossroad!!!!  [Chorus: Wyclef Jean] (Mavado)  Hold on, be strong, no matter what your goin through  You know it's 'gon be ok (OK!) today  Even if the Chiney K sprays  We gotta hold on, be strong  I know that you don't think that I can read your palms  But I see the dawn (The dawn) beyond (Beyond!) Beyond I can see the sunlight  And if the raaaaaaaaiiiiiiiiiinnnnnnn!!!! falls down!!!!  It ain't nothin but a blessed day today  The suuuuuuuuunnnnnnn!!!!! will shiiiiiinnnnnnnnnineeee!!!! After the rain dries!!!!! [Bridge: Wyclef Jean] (She wants to know) She wanna know how long I been playin  (As long as my mama) As long as my mama she been prayin  (She bought me a guitar) She bought me a guitar at eleven  She ain't want me be usin Mac 11's  (When I said) So when I said daddy was gone 'til November  (I knew) I knew that he wouldn't be back in November  Cause I could've been the one in the bank with a shank  With a pump and a ski mask  But my bank is the stage, my 12 gauge a black act  [Chorus: Wyclef Jean] (Mavado)  Hold on, be strong, no matter what your goin through  You know it's 'gon be ok (OK!) today  Even when the earth quakes  We gotta hold on, be strong  I know that you don't think that I can read your palms  But I see the dawn (The dawn) beyond (Beyond!) Beyond I can see the sunlight  And if the raaaaaaaaiiiiiiiiiinnnnnnn!!!! falls down!!!!  It ain't nothin but a blessed day today  The suuuuuuuuunnnnnnn!!!!! will shiiiiiinnnnnnnnnineeee!!!! After the rain dries!!!!! If the raaaaaaaaiiiiiiiiiinnnnnnn!!!! falls down!!!!  It ain't nothin but a blessed day today  The suuuuuuuuunnnnnnn!!!!! will shiiiiiinnnnnnnnnineeee!!!! After the rain dries!!!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ Mavado Album: Hold On (Tribute to Haiti Version) 12" Song: Hold On (Tribute to Haiti Version) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Wyclef Jean] L'union fait la force R.I.P Jimmy O  From the ashes we shall rise  FanFan Young clef to my country of Haiti  [Chorus: Wyclef Jean] (Mavado)  Hold on, be strong, no matter what your goin through  You know it's 'gon be ok (OK!) today  Even when the earth quakes [Verse One: Wyclef Jean] Like I said on BET from the hood to the projects to the mansion  So you got no excuse stop blamin the recession  Go hard, for Haiti send a text on your phone, Y-E-L-E, 501501  Every block, every school, dream initiation  So build the world make it a better place like Michael Jackson we don't wanna see another 9-11 happen  Wish I had talked to them teenagers when them RPG's go in  Head on with the navy seals I would've told them there's a better way  [Chorus: Wyclef Jean] (Mavado)  Hold on, be strong, no matter what your goin through  You know it's 'gon be ok (OK!) today  Even when the earth quakes  We gotta hold on, be strong  I know that you don't think that I can read your palms  But I see the dawn (The dawn) beyond (Beyond!) Beyond I can see the sunlight  And if the raaaaaaaaiiiiiiiiiinnnnnnn!!!! falls down!!!!  It ain't nothin but a blessed day today  The suuuuuuuuunnnnnnn!!!!! will shiiiiiinnnnnnnnnineeee!!!! After the rain dries!!!!! [Verse Two: Mavado]  To all my thugs that's gone, memories live on  I guess, see you at the crossroad!!!!  So many cry when we die and they wonder if we're in the sky  See you at the crossroad!!!!  I see you in my dream, that night, that crime scene  But don't worry, see you at the crossroad!!!!  Remember we still a team and I know you can hear me now  See you at the crossroad!!!!  [Chorus: Wyclef Jean] (Mavado)  Hold on, be strong, no matter what your goin through  You know it's 'gon be ok (OK!) today  Even when the earth quakes  We gotta hold on, be strong  I know that you don't think that I can read your palms  But I see the dawn (The dawn) beyond (Beyond!) Beyond I can see the sunlight  And if the raaaaaaaaiiiiiiiiiinnnnnnn!!!! falls down!!!!  It ain't nothin but a blessed day today  The suuuuuuuuunnnnnnn!!!!! will shiiiiiinnnnnnnnnineeee!!!! After the rain dries!!!!! [Bridge: Wyclef Jean] (She wants to know) She wanna know how long I been playin  (As long as my mama) As long as my mama she been prayin  (She bought me a guitar) She bought me a guitar at eleven  She ain't want me be usin Mac 11's  (When I said) So when I said daddy was gone 'til November  (I knew) I knew that he wouldn't be back in November  Cause I could've been the one in the bank with a shank  With a pump and a ski mask  But my bank is the stage, my 12 gauge a black act  [Chorus: Wyclef Jean] (Mavado)  Hold on, be strong, no matter what your goin through  You know it's 'gon be ok (OK!) today  Even when the earth quakes  We gotta hold on, be strong  I know that you don't think that I can read your palms  But I see the dawn (The dawn) beyond (Beyond!) Beyond I can see the sunlight  And if the raaaaaaaaiiiiiiiiiinnnnnnn!!!! falls down!!!!  It ain't nothin but a blessed day today  The suuuuuuuuunnnnnnn!!!!! will shiiiiiinnnnnnnnnineeee!!!! After the rain dries!!!!! If the raaaaaaaaiiiiiiiiiinnnnnnn!!!! falls down!!!!  It ain't nothin but a blessed day today  The suuuuuuuuunnnnnnn!!!!! will shiiiiiinnnnnnnnnineeee!!!! After the rain dries!!!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean and Ivy Queen  Album: In the Zone [Single]/Original Rude Girl  Song: In the Zone  Typed by: AdriGuerra@aol.com * * send corrections to the typist [Samples from Hot Chocolate's "You Sexy Thing" Played throughout]  I believe in miracles  Where you from?  You sexy thing (you sexy thing, you)  I believe in miracles  Since you came along  You sexy thing  [Wyclef]  Uno, dos (check it out), tres, cuatro  I woke up in a dream, Wyclef and Ivy Queen  Drinkin with your Hennessey, you spit on Louis the XIII  I ain't tipsy but C-O-P stopped me  Cause I'm with Omar, a Puerto Rican with a Lamborghini  Ole, ole but this ain't a bullfight  Late at night, I'm gonna bring the fright of Poltergeist  Looked at me through the shades,  Tried to play me like a hermit  I looked at Omar and said, "Yo pass me my gun permit"  [Ivy Queen]  Todas las culturas se unen esta vez  Representando los Boricuas junto a Wyclef  Queena es mi nombre el original Borinquen  De tal manera demuestro como, so come again  Yes, Queena, de que es al pa' ahí  Que no se olvide de qué es la ley  Vamos celebrar en el tola y va cantando  Y combate lo que me pertenece  [Wyclef]  Hey where you from Ivy Queen?  [Ivy Queen]  Puerto Rico, One time!  [Wylcef]  Hey yo all my thug cats, back to the crime  Hey where you from Ivy Queen?  [Ivy Queen]  Puerto Rico, One time!  [Samples from beginning]  [Wyclef]  He looked at my permit and said, "Get out the car"  I'm about to bring the earth, wind, and fire life from Shining Star  Looked at him bizarre, I said, "Hell no"  The music got tense in a place called el barrio  [Ivy Queen]  Representan no de maneras, man  No hay colo-nias que nos detengan  La-tinos, vengan, siempre sobresalen  A los americanos demostrando lo que saben  Come again, yeah  [Chorus x2]  [Wyclef]  Ivy Queen, there was no one around the street  Was like ghost town, six cop cars, one black, one Porto Rican  I ain't a shook one, so I got out the car  I close my eyes, son, I'm waitin for police to blast one  [Ivy Queen]  Te digo lo que ?, demuestro lo que doy  A (yeah) todos los hermanos habrán pasos te voy  Que no dejes, que no crees que vengo esta vez  La Queena, una vez más, para hacer lasos entender  [Chorus x2]  [Wyclef]  Yo, check the story, I thought I was dead (Oh shit)  Here comes Ivy, in a black Beemer  Pumpin this in my Rivera  Cast the guns, this ain't salsa  It ain't? That's the Macarena  Cause when I looked at the cop badges, I saw no number  How do I know if he's an imposter?  I'm 'bout to feed him to the lobsters  And take him shoppin to the Bahamas, and hide with mobsters  [Ivy Queen]  ? ay  Que a mí me puedan tumbar, ay  Ya yo soy la Reina y te lo vine a demostrar  Man, libra, que los Latinos son high, high  ? son del medio ?  Te digo lo que ?, demostré lo que doy  Gracias a Jesús Cristo, siempre tengo el control  Ya lo ves, no sabes, tienes que entender  La cuidad viene dura, ya ves con Wyclef  [Samples from beginning] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ Hollywood, Shells, Timbaland & Trini Album: Let's Ride 7" Song: David Banner Typed by: Gemini_20502K@blackplanet.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro] Wyclef Jean: John Shop!!! Wyclef Jean & Timbaland: You don't wanna provoke! [Wyclef Jean] You won't like me when I'm angry! You won't like me when I'm angry!!!! [Timbaland] Let me tell ya! [Verse 1: Wyclef Jean] + (Timbaland) You don't wanna provoke the David Banner cause when the Hulk come out The trunk come out the pump come out You gonna have to pay me for protection If not when you see me go in the other direction Yo! You don't want the good guy to turn villain Children come up missin Grandma and grandpa found in the Atlantic Ocean Homicide show up see I was just fishin I caught two snappers now I'm cookin in the kitchen You wanna play comedian so I'm the king of Comedy (What) Crackin jokes at your eulogy killin your family (Uh huh) Got the Vibe I like my wife beater XXL and once I find The Source and turn the cross Natural we'll murder you (Uh huh) Then kiss yo' mom at the funeral (Uh huh) And like my man Haitian Jack I be at immigration A Haitian singin the same old song [Chorus: Wyclef Jean & Timbaland] Oh lordy (Oh) Mr. U.S. don't deport me (Don't deport me) Lord, I know you heard the whole story About the guns that we hidin in Miami, whoa!!! [Verse 2] Wyclef Jean: Hollywood!!! [Hollywood] + (Timbaland) How often do I clap take a portion of your crack (What) Till I walk you to your grave with your coffin on your back (Uh huh) Since a snotnose in Pre K, kids wanted to be me Niggaz couldn't see me from B.K. to P.A Fuck what he or she say, long as my peeps straight (Uh huh) Armed with my heat bake, calm as I see Jake (Uh huh) Ski stay a feet way, far from them cheap snakes (Ha!) Cause these rap buffoons be all on that cliche I laughed at a&r's when they tossed the tape Now they come to see me to endorse the tape I'm whippin it well, you see the word boss on plates (What) Whether the cake or the jewels it still Frosted Flakes Without the Tony or the Tiger what's Frosted Flakes? I boss this tape [Wyclef Jean] + (Timbaland) Yeah, Refugee Camp, this the next generation right here (Uh huh) Don't run, be a man! [Chorus: Wyclef Jean & Timbaland] Oh lordy (Oh) Mr. U.S. don't deport me (Don't deport me) Lord, I know you heard the whole story About the guns that we hidin in Miami, whoa!!! Oh lordy (Oh) Mr. U.S. don't deport me (Don't deport me) Lord, I know you heard the whole story About the guns that we hidin in Miami, whoa!!! [Verse 3] Wyclef Jean: Trini!!! [Trini] + (Timbaland) Short money I don't settle for nah I embezzle more Yeah I'm a rebel and my flow is forever raw Niggaz ain't ready man, bitches ain't ready man Trini sends slugs let it ride through your Chevy van (Uh huh) Yeah I got the spots on lock Bitches you ain't gotta move But my gun'll push you off the block (Uh huh) Now you know I'm hot you just hate to admit it (What) In your hood I come through and murder everything in it (Ha!) Y'all niggaz is pussy, I can smell it from a far (Uh huh) Trini fear no man don't give a fuck who you are (Uh huh) I'm soon to be the most expected (What) Now let me run that back I am the most respected [Verse 4] Wyclef Jean: Shells!!! [Shells] + (Timbaland) Now when Shells come out, it's back on the block again No music and videos back pushin rocks again Back on the low right hand with the glock again Beef I'm a pop now six till your pops hit I don't play around dogs a gangsta and a gentlemen Yeah I'm spaced out cause it's all about the benjamins (Uh huh) Can tell if you a thug by the way you shake your hand (Uh huh) Can tell if you really hustle by the way you move grams I do it dogs shoot it dogs trust me don't do it dogs Lose it dogs see your eye I could black and blue it dogs Call your dogs you a bitch man made never snitch (What) Time to eat it's the click, black burners nah mean Sick of you niggaz pullin them triggers gettin them figures stop (What) I burn your block with a bomb like I ain't run and go call the cops (What) It's Shells ma this man back in your buildin I'm clappin your children if I don't sell a million [Chorus: Wyclef Jean & Timbaland] Oh lordy (Oh) Mr. U.S. don't deport me (Don't deport me) Lord, I know you heard the whole story About the guns that we hidin in Miami, whoa!!! Oh lordy (Oh) Mr. U.S. don't deport me (Don't deport me) Lord, I know you heard the whole story About the guns that we hidin in Miami, whoa!!! Artist: Wyclef Jean, Xzibit, Juvenile, Nature, Ja Rule, Reptile Album: Life Soundtrack Song: 25 to Life Typed by: hdub@hotmail.com [Wyclef talking] Yo to my people doing time, Xzibit, Juvenile, y'all need to  Nature, Ja Rule, Reptile come on bring the heat. [Xzibit - overlaps Wyclef] Look, I'm inhumane livin' in this house of pain stuck with a thousand street hustlers down on they luck Repeat felons caught up with the death I was sellin' and for the past three months yo I can still hear my victims yellin' but I can't listen to my conscience it's nonsense if I didn't shoot I'd be the nigga in the suit in the box under the ground fox chased by the hound locked permanent frown Xzibit get down by liftin' iron by the pound for the tough individual runnin' run his mouth throw some hands with the General walk one day in the shoes of a criminal death disease keep your luxuries to a minimal I'm not talkin' about weed, jewels, & Bentleys I'm talkin' about clean clothes, hot food, and Dentyne see what I mean livin' with the scum of the earth hit with plenty of time to adjust to life on the inside (Wyclef)  [Juvenile] You got me fucked up I'm innocent look I ain't do shit you don't want to hear my side but you believin' that bitch You makin' my nerves bad I need to smoke me a jo' 'cause I know y'all ain't even thinkin' 'bout lettin' me go Where my lawyer, nigga told me Juv' I can't do nothin' for ya Y'all go tell that to my mother & my father but they gon' cuss ya out so don't you even bother you know that shit ain't right that bitch didn't see nothin' 'cause it was dark at night but I guess us blacks look the same to y'all passin' niggas around like a game of ball This is my third felony plus my third strike man I ain't goin' home I got 25 to Life. [Nature] QU New York, you try to criticize me I criticize you been the same muthafucka since in high school any beat I shed light to with crazy wattage Blankin' out bought my first eight ball for eighty dollars learned who not to trust grew obnoxious so niggas start to hate me same time the boys in blue watch us circlin' but they don't slow down take you to court think you seein' Judge Joe Brown they just actin' niggas throwin' Tyson back in another year fuckin' with a nigga's career I cock back at you bust in the air give me space beats with plenty bass drink my Hennessey straight 'til I hurl out third world clout I'll take niggas hearts and turn killers into girl scouts works of art Picasso from the Hydro roller-slash-hustler CEO-slash-retired soldier [Ja Rule] Kill or be killed behind the wall 40 day short still the thought of murderer true to the sport I bang with the best in niggas career criminals now I'm in with these youngins lookin' to feel me out Hollerin' 'bout how they gon' hit on me now Niggas is real wild bangin' before trial new case, new trial, I don't give a fuck I'm playin' the yard ox taped to my nuts ready to self destruct Lord I don't wanna die but what powered your honor to hit me with 25 fuck 'em I know that real recognize every hustle and die with they niggas in the struggle, ya feel me? [Reptile] Oh God shells loaded in the semi auto quoted unknown cat never voted picture me on the scene huntin' for greens like Mike Meyers trick or treatin' on Halloween mashed down in fatigues servin' the fiends kill or be killed metal pipes under the sleeve in the city slicker bust checks or puff cess ruffneck love liquor & act figures bloodsport on the streets no gloves pullin' knives out the 'fridge handin' out cold cuts ugh streets real thug so recognize thug close yo' eyes thug you 'bout to die thug! Call the President I'm blowin' up ya residence spill acid on the corpse to clear the evidence Protestors outside screamin' free Gotti guard your body SWAT teams is waitin' with the shotty Wyclef: Y'all need to  REPEAT For all my people doin' time keep your head up Wyclef Jerry "Wonder" New Millenium new millenium come on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean Album: Life soundtrack Song: New Day Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com What we gon' do right now is go back, way back Bring in the groove I wanna dedicate this to those who never made it >From kindergarten to the 12th I never graduated Yo but college wasn't for some of us So we joined the service I seen a kid get murdered in Nam listening to Elvis But on the out looking in Things stay the same But at the same vein Looking out the whole world's changed So keep your head up Don't get caught up in the fast bucks And find your mom crying while your lying in a black tux Trust me We don't need no education says a young man Sitting in class (sitting in class) School is out 3 o'clock on the dot He had beef with some kids and he got shot, oh Lord Turn on the television I'm watching Martin Luther King who had a dream, oh So take this dream and apply it to your life Even though we know the ghetto's rough But we got to 1 -  Keep your head up   (Uh keep your head up)   Cause a new day will come   (Uh-huh, uh-huh)   And look towards the sun   (Look towards the sun)   Even when the darkness shall come (Ooh) It's real son (Ooh) To my people living Life it's real son I turn the page What's the news today People getting fired, walking on a wire Looting on the streets cause the kid's gotta eat Oh, oh turn around and look at the hour glass I gotta get it straight Before it's too late Cause I don't wanna be behind that gates Keep your head up (Uh keep your head up) Cause a new day will come (Uh-huh, uh-huh) And look towards the sun Even when the darkness shall come 2 -  All my people in the back   Mama, mama   You know you raised me with no father figure   (Didn't ya)   I wanna take this time to thank you   For giving me life, oh yeah   Mama, mama   You know you raised me with no father figure   (Didn't ya)   I wanna take this time to thank you   Even though I'm doing Life   Alright (Ooh) It's real son, alright (Ooh) Can't flee (Ooh)All my people doing time (Ooh)People in the back playing cards (Ooh)Don't lose your money yeah Yeah tell them don't lose your money, c'mon, c'mon Repeat 1 Repeat 2 (Ooh) For my people doing time (alright) (Ooh) For my people doing time (alright) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ Bono (U2) Album: New Day 12" Single Song: New Day (Pop Radio Edit) Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [Wyclef] We're gonna take ya back now, come on I like the way this is going down Ladies and gents Yo I'mma do this for the kids check it out Here we go, yo [Wyclef] We don't need no education (yeah) Says a young man sitting in class (yeah) School is out 3 o'clock on the dot (yeah) Beef with some thugs, he got shot (yeah) Turn on your television (yeah) Martin Luther King just had a dream (yeah) Take this dream and apply it to your life (yeah) Shorty's selling crack, is a talking job [Wyclef] To all my refugees, enough respect To all my juveniles, enough respect To all my war children, enough respect Now Bono won't you sing the hook, come on [Bono](Wyclef) Keep your head up (Uh keep your head up) Cause a new day's gonna come (Every country got a ghetto, come on) And look towards the sun Some got the darkness all around (Everybody sing this part right here) 1 -	[Wyclef]   Mama, mama 	You know you raised me with no father figure 	I wanna take this time to thank you 	Even though I'm doing Life 	Alright   Mama, mama   You know you raised me with no father figure   And taken by machine gun trigger   Out for giving me life [Wyclef] Yo, yo turn the page ready the news today People getting fired, some getting wild Looting on the streets cause the dogs gotta eat (Grrr!) By any means necessary Turning over the hour glass Gotta get it straight before it's too late Cause I don't wanna be behind that gate Now everybody sing the hook [Bono](Wyclef) Keep your head up (Your head up, your head up) Cause a new day's gonna come (For the new millennium) And look towards the sun Some got the darkness all around (Everybody sing this part right here) Repeat 1 [Wyclef] My people in the front, everybody in the buck Hey yo raise the roof up in the air, come on And just raise the roof for all my people trying to eat Stomp your feet on the floor come on and just stomp Stomp, stomp, stomp Introducing Bono, straight out of Dublin [Bono](Wyclef) Midnight she's on the street, she can't sleep She's afraid to dream Ten years old, my Spanish rose You see things you never should have seen Midnight she's on the street, oh she can't sleep She's afraid to dream Ten years old, my Spanish rose You see things you never should have seen (Let me do the guitar solo right here) (I want all you kids to stand right now, come on let me hear y'all) [Bono & Children's Choir](Wyclef) Keep your head up Cause a new day's gonna come (Ha, ha) And look towards the sun Some got the darkness all around (All my broke people sing this part right here) Repeat 1 [Wyclef] Hey, hey, hey, hey Wyclef and Bono Jerry Wonder in the back I let the DJ cut the wax Y'all need to stop it with the violence True Refugee combination Dublin, Brooklyn, New Jersey, ya hear Trying to find a new year The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ Claudette Ortiz (City High) Album: Two Wrongs Remix 12" Song: Two Wrongs (So So Def Remix) Typed by: da_rockwilda@hotmail.com This is the remix! [J.D.]+(Claudette) Yea, (JD) see y'all know we takin this (Claudette) Uh huh, (Wyclef), uh huh, (collabo), So So Def [Hook] [W.J.] If ya girl read ya two-way pager wanna know "Who's Tanya?" (Ain't no need to fight tonight) [C.O.] And my girl called me up said she saw you at the bar buying drinks for Cassandra (Ain't no need to fight tonight) [W.J.] And for the thugs holdin slugs ain't no need to buss, too many girls screamin "have fun" (Ain't no need to fight tonight) Everybody in the club tonight, c'mon Two wrongs don't make it right, c'mon [Wyclef] Excuse me if you see me screamin' For deep in my mind I'm only dreamin' Cuz if I wake up and you're not by my side I feel half of me is no longer alive (say what) [Claudette] If only, I give you one last chance (one last chance) With the devil you can no longer dance (no no no) You've got to be faithful (faithful) So we could be fruitful (fruitful) Cuz all I need is, looove [J.D.] oh, oh - 'Clef, holla at ya boy [Hook] [Wyclef]+(Claudette) They say two wrongs don't make it right So if I'm wrong, I ain't tryna fight I'm tryna have some dinner wit some candlelight Lay up in the bed and make love all night So we say, easy mami say, we say EASY mami say, mi say (Easy papi, say mi say, EASY papi) [Wyclef]+(J.D.) Excuse me if you see me screamin' For deep in my mind I'm only dreamin' (what's he talkin 'bout) Cuz I've grown from a thug to a man Build my castle with bricks and no longer with sand girl (ok) [Claudette] If only, I give you one last chance (one last chance) With the devil you can no longer dance (oo-ooh) You've got to be faithful (faithful) So we could be fruitful (fruitful) Cuz all I need is, looove [Hook] [Wyclef]+(J.D.) It's been a while kid, since ya heard 'Clef flow (uh huh) So here I go, here I go, here I go (alrite) In the hood you brought me hope so I neva sold coke The only dope I sell is the track when it smoke *cough* (yea) Then blow into the skys say L-O-V-E, (uh huh) Why owe you, when I can give it to you now (yea) I mean right now, what happened to the ghetto love Like "someone please call 9-1-1" (ha ha) If two wrongs to make it right (uh uh) And if I'm wrong I ain't tryna fight (uh huh) I'm just tryna rub that cat tonight (that's right) I believe I believe I believe I'm right [Hook] [Wyclef]+(Claudette) They say two wrongs don't make it right So if I'm wrong, I ain't tryna fight I'm tryna have some dinner wit some candlelight Lay up in the bed and make love all night So we say, easy mami say, we say EASY mami say, we say (Easy papi, say mi say, EASY papi) [Outro] Wyclef, JD, the world is in trouble (Ain't no need to fight tonight) Claudette, the world is in trouble So So Def, the world is in trouble (Ain't no need to fight tonight) Refugee Camp, yo the world is in trouble Run on the double, the world is in trouble (let's go) (Ain't no need to fight tonight) Everybody in the club tonight, c'mon Two wrongs don't make it right, c'mon [Wyclef] Let's go! So So Def, peace! Wit da Refugee Camp Now when we come through, thugs wanna buss they slugs Ladies wanna rush us, at da VIP They love when Atlanta, hooks up with Haiti Artist: Various Artists Album: Wake Up Everybody Song: Wake Up Everybody Typed by: timmy.bogenburt@gmail.com [Wyclef Jean] My people in the east, sure, you gotta wake up Midwest, dirty south, girl you gotta stand up All my homies in the west, sure you gotta wake up Wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up [Mary J. Blige] Wake up everybody, no more sleeping in bed No more backwards thinking, time for thinking ahead The world has changed so very much from what it used to be There's so much hatred, war and poverty [Monica] Wake up all the teachers, time to teach a new way Maybe then they'll listen to what you have to say [Claudette Ortiz] Cause they're the one's who coming up The world is in their hands When you teach the children Teach them the better questions you can [Eve] Uh, huh, scream peace, do we mean it Can you feel it when we scream it out loud, do you believe that we need it Do you believe that it could get right Do you believe that the children of the world deserve a good life Well if you do it's time to wake up your mind We can make it better and I know it might take some time But we gotta start somewhere, how bout wit you and me From us it goes to others then we'll have our unity [Musiq] Wake up all the doctors, make the old people aware They're the ones who suffer, catch all the hair But they don't have so very long before their judgement day So won't you make them happy before they pass away [Ashanti] (Faith Evans) Wake up all the builders, time to build a new land I know we can do it long as we lend a hand The only thing we have to do is put it in my minds And surely things will work out cause they do it everytime (do it everytime) [Fabolous] (Brandy) I ain't here to take up y'all time I came to shake up y'all mind it's everybody's wake up call time I can't sleep too long while they do the people wrong Let's clean the world up before they sweep then gone This is real talk you can peep through songs So when you feel weak these words will keep you strong And help make a change for the better It's hard for one to do it but we can make some change if we do it together (heyy, yeah) The world will get no better, if we just let it be The world will get no better, we gotta change it yeah, you and me [Jadakiss] Set it off for the plan up here, we gotta stand up here And give thanks to the man upstairs Put the egos and the pride to the side regardless And just be role models, parents, artists And the stress won't take toll if you don't sweat it World won't get no better if we don't let it Let the negative energy ride, keep hope alive It's bout time that we opened out eyes, wake up [Jaheim] Wake up everybody, no more sleeping in bed No more backwards thinking, time for thinking ahead The world has changed so very much from what it used to be There's so much hatred, war and poverty [Missy Elliott] Wooooo, yep, we all best to vote I don't care about the guns you tote Listen to me like you listened to Fahrenheit 9/11 Ain't no time for the second guessin' The words I speak, wake up, the ones who sleep Now leave the ships, fix your mouth to teach MC's teach the kids what's peace, they don't have to worry bout the police We make 'em rich so they don't have to thief Every artist here on this track, oh Will make a change here for young cats, oh This is for everybody, white or black You better go and vote and get up off your back Wake up everybody, no more sleeping Wake up everybody, no more sleeping Wake up everybody, no more sleeping Wake up everybody, no more sleeping Wake up everybody, no more sleeping, take the opportunity Wake up everybody, no more sleeping, your responsibility Wake up everybody, no more sleeping, your voice has to be heard Wake up everybody, no more sleeping, save the world, save the world Wake up everybody, no more sleeping Wake up everybody, no more sleeping Wake up everybody, no more sleeping Wake up everybody, no more sleeping The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean Album: Wanted 7" Song: The Industry (Remix) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@blackplanet.com [Intro] Wyclef AKA Preacher's son Comeback with The Sword of Damocles, help them Jabba Wyclef AKA Preacher's Son Words from the belly of the beast I never seen a man cry till I seen a man die In the words of Scarface, again I never seen a man cry till I seen a man die Let's go, brrrup!!! [Verse 1] Imagine if Biggie and Pac never got shot And they both still were rulers of hip hop And Puffy and Suge was roomates from college And Big L never got found in the alley And Nas and Jay-Z they were still homies Squash the beef with Ja Rule and 50 Hey! And Benzino shook hands with Eminem And on the same record I heard Eve, Fox and Kim And sometimes when I sleep, yeah, that's when I wake up Yeah, I kinda hoped that The Fugees didn't break up When they walked into the studio I prayed they didn't spray Cause I miss that scratch from Jam Master Jay (Whoa oh oh!!!) I never seen a man cry till I seen a man die In the words of Scarface lord I never seen a man cry till I seen a man die Balong, balong, balong, whoa whoa whoa! Shots go off, mother's cry Death since rise, homicide Black on black crime needs to stop You can't blame it on the game of hip hop Cause what we say is what we see What we see is reality The ghetto's the ghetto you got them livin in sorrow And they not promised tomorrow [Verse 2] Yeah! Hey! Imagine if Big Pun was still alive I could see Fat Joe screamin Terror Squad Imagine if there were still four survivors still in Destiny's Child And TLC never lost they Left Eye Imagine Refugees never needin a passport John Forte never at Newark Airport The Million Man March, man, that was a start Now I need a million more to meet me at Central Park When the revolution start y'all 'gon have to play this Free Slick Rick he can't get deported I never seen a man cry till I seen a man die In the words of Scarface lord I never seen a man cry till I seen a man die Balong, balong, balong, whoa whoa whoa! Shots go off, mother's cry Death since rise, homicide Black on black crime needs to stop You can't blame it on the game of hip hop Cause what we say is what we see What we see is reality The ghetto's the ghetto you got them livin in sorrow And they not promised tomorrow [Verse 3] Yeah! Yo! In the club never though Shyne shot the gun But in the limosine JLO had to run Paparazzi snap a shot through the mirror That's when I saw a smile from Princess Diana Back and forth and forth and back Like Miss Aaliyah man do I miss her The war goes on with The ROC and The Lox Murder INC, G- Unit it's a fight to the top Stop! We lost too many soldiers like Freaky Tah While they get the cover of a magazine we got to die We got to die, we got to die, we got to die Lord we got to die, hey, whoa, whoa, whoa Shots go off, mother's cry Death since rise, homicide Black on black crime needs to stop You can't blame it on the game of hip hop Cause what we say is what we see What we see is reality The ghetto's the ghetto you got them livin in sorrow And they not promised tomorrow The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Wyclef Jean f/ ReFugee All-Stars Album: We Trying to Stay Alive CD-5 Song: Imagino 1997 (Mille neuf cent quatre vingt dix sept) pour l'an 2.000 (Deux mille) Refugiers, Soldats en avant, en avant, en avant en avant Pour les gens qui vivent dans le ghetto l'imagination OUI, OUI y'all [CHORUS:] Imagino.. un, deux : Un monde uni et sans frontiere Imagino.. trois, quatre : La paix au lieu de la guerre Imagino.. cinq, six : Les gens vivant centenaire Oui, oui y'all oui Oui, oui y'all oui Oui, oui y'all Oui, oui y'all Pour les gens qui vivent dans le ghetto, bravo Moi au micro, je n'oublie jamais Soweto Ou on joue style au micro ??? Comme un loto Pitie pour les refugiers victimes de l'embargo Qui s'embarquent sans photo gros bateau Ou la mort est le cadeau Comme a dit "Semayo" Ceux qui emmigrent, repartent a zero Se defendent avec ouzi ou meme d'un couteau C'est une realité qui arrive a l'apio Une partie des groupes ??? les gens ??? C'est peut etre rigolo pour les gens qui habitent un chateau Mais c'est une realite quand t'as pas d'Alpha Romeo Imagino..Oui, oui y'all Oui, oui y'all Oui, oui y'all.. [CHORUS:] Imagino.. 1 2 : Un monde uni et sans frontiere Imagino.. 3 4 : La paix au lieu de la guerre Imagino.. 5 6 : Les gens vivant centenaire Oui, oui y'all oui Oui, oui y'all oui Oui, oui y'all oui Oui, oui y'all oui Wiclef Jean : Rappeur, informateur, tricheur Fils de pasteur, animateur, acteur pour le public Quand 10.000 (dix mille) personne se retrouvent au Zenith A quoi bon gagner le monde si c'est pour perdre mon esprit Mieux vaut pauvrete que l'enfer infini Si vous etes d'accord, venez le voir Sinon, allez voir "Juda" Les disciples du Congo, comme les gens du ghetto Tous font parties des conflits mondiaux C'est peut etre rigolo pour les gens qui vivent en chateau Mais c'est une realite quand t'as pas d'Alpha Romeo Imagino..Oui, oui y'all Oui, oui y'all Oui, oui y'all..oui Dedicace a tout ceux qui sont partis Comme Jerusalem je t'aime, Alpha Blondy Quand je marche dans la vallee de la mort Je ne craint aucun mal car tu es avec moi La surpopulation, mauvaise situation Si l'on va changer, la terre va exploser Elle va faire un afractus, comme l'a predit Nostradamus C'est notre destinee Maintenant les des sont jetes La ??? de ??? vient du ciel et les victimes sont des enfants Les enfants de la guerre victimes des gouvernements C'est peut etre rigolo pour les gens qui vivent en chateau Mais c'est une realite quand t'as pas d'Alpha Romeo Imagino..Oui, oui y'all Oui, oui y'all Oui, oui y'all Oui, oui y'all Imagino.. 1 2 : Un monde uni et sans frontiere Imagino.. 3 4 : La paix au lieu de la guerre Imagino.. 5 6 : Les gens vivant centenaire Oui, oui y'all oui Oui, oui y'all oui Oui, oui y'all oui Oui, oui y'all oui 1804 (Mille huit cent quatre), Je suis content! Imagino.. 1 2 : Un monde uni et sans frontiere Imagino.. 3 4 : Pour les gens qui vivent dans le ghetto Imagino.. 5 6 : Les gens vivant centenaire Oui, oui y'all oui Oui, oui y'all oui Oui, oui y'all oui Oui, oui y'all oui Artist: Wyclef f/ Busta Rhymes, John Forte, Lauryn Hill, Prazwell, Q-Tip Album: When We Were Kings Soundtrack Song: Rumble In The Jungle [Wyclef] (Come on) Root to the fruit More bass than Bootsy Collins You verses me Thats like Ali verses Foreman (a-ha) God's act, stand back and watch Devil's time out Can't be timed with no swatch watch Who I am, the black Abraham Zunga zunga zang, yellow man, Vietnam Add an extra bar as I spar with literature Taking kingdoms from tsars Winning more wars than the Moors [Forte] Hey, what's the deal? I seen the Devil spar with Allah Mathematics was the key to set my whole race free You might debate we, a refugee No harm hurt me Dying, thirsty from the struggle To my own hustle bubble On the low, woe is me To show the Free Bob right The righteous Asiatic thinker While Satan rob light Civilised like the Molly Burgundy, wildy rocking Seen the fifth when Ali clocked him John Forte will keep you locked in [Q-Tip] People all around You got to recognise and witness The Mister who swift enough to knock you out with Mic fitness Hands blistered from holding the mics tight Some say it's fright night Well throw the R after the F 'Cause I'm gonna take away your breath The bell rings and now it's just a daily operation Yo, you saw my lubrication You can see this occupation (The winner) Eh, you know we're from Q-Borough L-Booie and Clef the trainers, Prazwell promote the throw [Lauryn Hill] We used to bite bullets with the pig-skin casing Now we perfect slang like a gang of street masons (uh) Scribe check make connects True pyramid architects (yeah) Replace the last name with the X (X) The man's got a God complex But take the text and change the picture Watch Muhammad play the messenger like Holy Muslim scriptures Take orders from only God Only war when it's Jihad See Ali appears in Zaire to reconnect 400 years But we the people dark but equal give love to such things To the man who made the fam' remember when we were kings Blocks on fire (Block's on fire tonight) Fiends getting higher (uh-huh) Robbing blue collar (Hey yo we rob them blue collars) Killing for a dollar (Stick 'em up) Youths get tired (Ali ah yeah) We're dealing with them liars (Ali ah yeah) (We're dealing with too many liars) From Brooklyn to Zaire (uh-huh ah yeah) We need a ghetto Messiah (ah yeah come on) Send me an angel in the morning, baby Send me an angel in the morning, darling Send me Muhammad in the morning, baby Send me an angel in the morning, darling [Ali Shaheed Muhammad] Once the pen hits the pad it's danger To this I be no stranger Step inside the ring and I'll derange you (Come on) I'm hearing no comments Everyone looks dispondent Dejected, rejected similiar to Liston Catching lists Beat it, sonny My man is still the greatest in this To hell with Frazier yappin' about that negative shit Now listen, you can try and escape if you want to But ask yourself, who the hell you gonna run to Like Sade Abu you got a punch that I can sleep to Fugees, Tribe, Busta Rhymes forever coming through [Prazwell] We sing Amazing Grace over two dollar plate One roll snake eyes like Jake The Snake Many lies put up for stakes Wash our sins at the Great Lakes You and I cannot see eye to eye So therefore we cannot relate I'm here when I make myself crystal clear You fled to Cape Fear when I laced you in Zaire Tussle with a lasso in the Royal Rumble Seperate boys from men in the concrete jungle [Busta Rhymes] I remember when Cassius Clay flipped the script Taking trips to Zimbabwe Africans started calling the God Ali Bumbaye (so bwoy) It be the God stricken, God nutrition, lightly stricken (ha) Blow that make you feel like you was poison bitten Ha yo I'm 'bout to blister you and your sister Predicting every ass whipping before my fights my nigga This be your last warning once you walk past the doorman Ali and Foreman gonna lock ass until the morning Marvellous finances provided by Joseph Mobutu Special guests of honour like the Archbishop Desmond Tutu We watched the Rumble In The Jungle To see who be the targeted uncle to be the first to fall and fumble Nuff blows they gettong thrown, like solid milestones Internally shaking up niggas, imbalance your chromosones With the force of a thousnad warriors When I bust your ass identify me as the lord victorious Blocks on fire (You're a star) (Blocks on fire) Fiends getting higher (You're a star) Robbing blue collar (You're a star) (Yeah rob them blue collars) Killing for a dollar (You're a star) Youths get tired (You're a star) (Youths getting tired) We're dealing with them liars (You're a star) (We're dealing with too many liars) From Brooklyn to Zaire (You're a star) We need a ghetto Messiah The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Akon f/ Wyclef Jean Album: Freedom Song:    Sunny Day Typed by: stillswish@yahoo.com   [Intro] Who?d ever thought that I would see this day Where I would see my ghetto life fade away Cause I was lost and couldn?t find a way And now I look forward to everyday Welcome to my sunny day   [Verse 1- Akon] Block don?t stop, always stay hot No matter how the season scorch I still remember when they took me away Kept it on lock, then I got popped Realized I had to stop Then I took time to explore a better way Search high and low, so close yet so far to go I just know there?s a sunny day   [Bridge: Akon] Who?d ever thought that I would see this day (I would see this day) Where I would see my ghetto life fade away (fade away) Cause I was lost and couldn?t find a way (find a way) And now I look forward to everyday (everyday)   Welcome to my sunny day, my sunny day Everyday, better day Welcome to my sunny day, my sunny day Everyday, better day Welcome to my sunny day   [Verse 2- Wyclef Jean] I was born in the ghetto, raised in the ghetto Saw my first 9 millimeter in the ghetto I got my first kiss in the ghetto Playin hide go seek with the girls in the ghetto I wrote my first hit in the ghetto Yo Mona Lisa, can I get a date on Friday-ay-ay It?s hard for me to let go, life in the ghetto The night they blast my cousin, whoa I had to find a way out the ghetto Picked up the guitar, started singin in the ghetto Haters you stayed in the ghetto Said I would have never made it out the ghetto I guess that?s why my cousin sold the yayo Even though Annie said the sun come out tomorrow But the ghetto stay dark I never thought I?d ever see the billboard charts   [Bridge]     [Verse 3- Akon] Been a long day, on my way To my holy place to pray Give thanks for every blessing given to me I know there?s more to see, more to me No more livin in misery Cause this how I vision life to be Search high and low, so close yet so far to go I just know there?s a sunny day   [Bridge]   The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Anthony B, Bone Crusher & Wyclef Jean Album: Untouchable Song: Lighter (Remix) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist [Intro] [Bone Crusher]: Attenchun!!!!!!!!!!!!! [Anthony B]: Caan seh we caan seh we caan seh we neva did a warn dem [Bone Crusher]: Bone Crusher! Anthony B! [Anthony B]: Caan seh we neva warn dem!!! [Bone Crusher]: Wyclef The Preacher's Son together man! [Chorus]: [Wyclef Jean] (*Bone Crusher) Lighter, we waan see some lighter (Lighter!!!) Lighter, we waan see some lighter (Lighter!!!) Lighter, we waan see some lighter (Lighter!!!) (*Keep them lights on cause it's dark outside!) Oh no! (*Lighter!) Lighter, we waan see some lighter (Lighter!!!) (*Let me see the lighter!!!) Lighter, we waan see some lighter (Lighter!!!) (*Let me see the lighter!!!) Lighter, we waan see some lighter (Lighter!!!) (*Keep them lights on cause it's dark outside!) [Verse 1]: [Anthony B] (Bone Crusher) Dem go find we now we drop dung yeah Look inna we face it's Armageddon deh (What!) Excuse mi dun dem when di cops dem deh (Yeah!) Rock and pop off fi mi hold dem deh then press dem deh Even one a this, mek dem know dem haffi honor this Di man deh rise di Rastaman banner this, WAH!!! (HA!!!) Real ragga ragga from TGN, wanna be us now, never see us then Man got di streets locked state, city through blocks Rememba badman nuh beg friend (HA!!!) [Chorus]: [Wyclef Jean] (*Bone Crusher) (*Lighter!) Lighter, we waan see some lighter (Lighter!!!) (*Let me see the lighter!!!) Lighter, we waan see some lighter (Lighter!!!) (*Let me see the lighter!!!) Lighter, we waan see some lighter (Lighter!!!) (*Keep them lights on cause it's dark outside!) Oh no! (*Lighter!) Lighter, we waan see some lighter (Lighter!!!) (*Let me see the lighter!!!) Lighter, we waan see some lighter (Lighter!!!) (*Let me see the lighter!!!) Lighter, we waan see some lighter (Lighter!!!) (*Keep them lights on cause it's dark outside!) [Verse 2]: [Wyclef Jean] Aiyyo the lighter we waan see some lighter mami And tell your company, easy or he gonna turn duppy, whoa Mr. Sandman he don't wanna get wet If the, more he drinks, the tougher he gets If the dance too nice I ain't tryin to fight man Better to cope than your body on ice man But I got big plans I'm tryin to buy an island But the only island dem waan mi own is Riker's Island Ticky ticky tock the Jacob keep tickin I tried to warn him but he didn't wanna listen Said the wolves on the streets tell the children beware And if your live in the club fire finger in the air [Chorus]: [Wyclef Jean] (*Bone Crusher) (*Lighter!) Lighter, we waan see some lighter (Lighter!!!) (*Let me see the lighter!!!) Lighter, we waan see some lighter (Lighter!!!) (*Let me see the lighter!!!) Lighter, we waan see some lighter (Lighter!!!) (*Keep them lights on cause it's dark outside!) Oh no! (*Lighter!) Lighter, we waan see some lighter (Lighter!!!) (*Let me see the lighter!!!) Lighter, we waan see some lighter (Lighter!!!) (*Let me see the lighter!!!) Lighter, we waan see some lighter (Lighter!!!) (*Keep them lights on cause it's dark outside!) [Verse 3]: Bone Crusher Ring the alarm another thug is dyin! Whoa oh!!!! Ring the alarm, Bone Crusher is comin, yeah! You don't wanna test me (No!) I'm hangin with The Refugees (No!) Wyclef and Anthony B (No!) So what you ‘gon do with me Hustler, made for this money I'm in large in the hood in the land of milk and honey Obese individual, army guerilla Soundboy killer, when I step to the stage they call me thriller Head gone off that's ours You might as well talk it why you keep on walkin Together make it POW!!!!! We keep talking Sound the alarm the killers is comin!!!! [Chorus]: [Wyclef Jean] (*Bone Crusher) (*Lighter!) Lighter, we waan see some lighter (Lighter!!!) (*Let me see the lighter!!!) Lighter, we waan see some lighter (Lighter!!!) (*Let me see the lighter!!!) Lighter, we waan see some lighter (Lighter!!!) (*Keep them lights on cause it's dark outside!) Oh no! (*Lighter!) Lighter, we waan see some lighter (Lighter!!!) (*Let me see the lighter!!!) Lighter, we waan see some lighter (Lighter!!!) (*Let me see the lighter!!!) Lighter, we waan see some lighter (Lighter!!!) (*Keep them lights on cause it's dark outside!) [Interlude]: [Bone Crusher]: Ahhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!! [Anthony B]: Blaze it up!!! [Bone Crusher]: Yeah!!! [Chorus]: [Wyclef Jean] (*Bone Crusher) (*Lighter!) Lighter, we waan see some lighter (Lighter!!!) (*Let me see the lighter!!!) Lighter, we waan see some lighter (Lighter!!!) (*Let me see the lighter!!!) Lighter, we waan see some lighter (Lighter!!!) (*Keep them lights on cause it's dark outside!) Oh no! (*Lighter!) Lighter, we waan see some lighter (Lighter!!!) (*Let me see the lighter!!!) Lighter, we waan see some lighter (Lighter!!!) (*Let me see the lighter!!!) Lighter, we waan see some lighter (Lighter!!!) (*Keep them lights on cause it's dark outside!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Big Punisher f/ Wyclef Jean Album: Capital Punishment Song: Carribean Connection Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Wyclef] Warning! [Big Pun] Yo, wanna rumble with Pun hah? {*loud farting noise*} Shit on the whole industry Yo who puff more Owls than Pun? Pile on more styles than Pun? Who the only one with over a thousand guns? Runnin up in niggaz cribs like I paid the bill Make you squeal the combination to the safe for wealth I lace your grill with the firestarter Hit your wife with the sawed off, in the shower, powers I've gotta I'm all about the fundamentals, like Pun and pencil A piece of paper, a decent caper and someone to strafe you My mental's compatible with the radicals My oddessey type, qualities allow me to poli' with animals Niggaz is canibals and the ghetto's a jungle where you either bet all your bundles or struggle on the simple and humble My niggaz'll rumble with any man for a Benny Fran' Try to imagine what they can sacri' for twenty grand Niggaz'll slice you and dice you into a thousand pieces We pound out weak shit into the ground Uptown Up in the Boogie Down, we just wallow in jean, pile on the green Surrounded in green like flowers in Spring For now I'm a King, so it's more than money, all the honies used to call me Punny cause my fam was always hungry But now we rollin lovely, and you feel worse, want my money Let your steel burst, cause I'd rather see you in hell first [Chorus: Wyclef and Pun - repeat 2X] *Wyclef sings: mucho trabajo poquito dinero* [Pun] I'm selling perrico [Clef] Yo what's the deally yo? [Pun] I'm Uptown making moves just like Castro [Wyclef Jean] Yo, yo, yo keep the lights keep the camera all I want is the action The battle's on, where I roam in composition A hardcore crowd, waitin to see, if I break like your first time in jail when you got fucked by an inmate It'll never happen, I'm on balance like a Libra And if I get murdered, Don't Cry For Me Argentina Pour me a cup of vodka, bury me next to my father In three days, I rise like Christ and still sober Now my eyes open, in my hands I got the Gatling I'm looking for the guy that sent me to say hi to Satan Fists of fury, you wouldn't like me when I'm angry I turn Mr. Rogers Neighborhood topsy turvy Foes and enemies meaning the same in the dictionary This ain't Pictionary, all you see is the cemetary Bodies, from World War I and II is there You don't want a third war, that's nuclear warfare So Big Pun, count the stacks, make it fast Illegal money turns legal now we runnin a laundromat Your hunchbacked and wack rap is packed in your backpack Your better off in D.C. with the mayor smoking crack Yo, this ain't a diss, Wyclef bomb threat Run out of the building or get blast in your Guess Tec for Tec, or we can go text for text, oh I forgot, you don't read, so take this hole in your chest - blaow Hide the blood, give you the gun, run and hide So when the DT shows up, he thought it was a suicide Suicide it's a suicide... [Chorus] - fades out The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Black Eyed Peas f/ Wyclef Jean Album: Bridging the Gap Song: Rap Song Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Wyclef] Wyclef on guitar.. with the Black Eyed Peas Here go the rap song, they wanna sing it to y'all [Chorus One] She like a rap song (she like a rap song) She like a rap song (she like a rap song) She like a rap song (she like a rap song) She like a rap song (she like a rap song) [Verse One] You're like a hip-hop song y'know I wanna be your "Buddy" like De La Soul Let me "Rock +them+ Bells" like I'm LL I like you in a Kangol and Gazelles Here's a ticket come and see me on my "Planet Rock" Like the Daddy Kane, I can be your "Smooth Op'" But wait-uh every month you're the flavor I wanna get a scoop - lat-uh! [Chorus Two] She like a rap song (she like a rap song) She like a rap song .. She make me clap (how's that) cause she a rap song She like a rap song She like a rap song (she like a rap song) She like a rap song .. She make me clap (how's that) cause she a rap song She like a rap song [Verse Two] She was the, "Public Enemy #1" She was my, "Mona Lisa" when we first begun She got me, "Jump-in' Around" like Everlast Singin a, "Rap Life" with help from Tash She be my, metronome rhythm to my feet And when we, when we do it do it to the beat She like, "My Melody" done by Eric B., and Rakim cause she be rockin me steadily, yo [Chorus Three] Yo, she got hips to hops and she ain't goin pop She like a record that I wanna rock when I'm rollin in my ride cruisin down my block Yo, and if she was a rap song She'd be "Bonita Applebum" And I wanna put you on I'm puttin you on, you're my favorite song [Chorus Two] [Verse Three] She makes me say 'ho' but she ain't a "HOE!!" She "Got it Made" with Special Ed (??) "HOE!!" Her bass is everlasting like Rodney O's She "Myself and I" comin from the +Soul+ She like a beat that makes me wanna grab the mic She like the lyrics that I wanna recite She like the old school mic with the cable You can bring your records and I'll bring the turntable yo [Chorus Three] [Chorus Two] She like a.. she like a.. {*repeat in background*} [Wyclef] Wyclef, Jerry Wonder with the Black Eyed Peas Don't hurt nobody man Takin over the universe, I told y'all Take me in, don't hurt nobody The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Cam'Ron f/ Big Punisher, Charli Baltimore, Silkk, Wyclef Album: Horse & Carriage Remix 12" Song: Horse & Carriage Remix Typed by: lionclaw@bellsouth.net Intro: Silkk (Cam'Ron) Remix (That's right) Silkk the Shocker Uh, Cam'Ron (You ain't know) No Limit (That's right) Untertainment (I'm here and there) mo' money (I'm here and there) Ya don't know? [Verse One: Cam'Ron] Aye yo I just walk wit' ya'll, I don't wanna rhyme I just need talk wit' ya'll Mamacita, senortia I'm lookin' for my wifey Cats always love me, till they girls start to like me They don't know I'm sheisty, and all my jewels Icey Tryin' to settle down Ma, stop actin' all fiesty Cause 'I don't wanna be a playa no more' Know it's soft, but I cam with a 'core For the love of Money, Charli, whoa It Ain't My Fault Like Silkk, it's so timid, my trunk, it go wit' it The whole Squad is Terrorin', cats is No Limit And I'm a diplomat, I'm a dimplomat Where my honeies at?, where my money at? That's why we act like that Clak clak clak!, pat pat pat! So all you girls bring your thongs and shit Don't front, cause you know what song this is Ju don't know [Chorus: Wyclef] Ya don't know what we're going through Ya don't know the things that Cam is showing you What we're about to do You don't know Ya don't know what we're going through Ya don't know the things these thugs will do to you You and your family through Ya don't know [Verse Two: Big Punisher] Yo, yo All the mami's know me, the Spanish kid wit' the goatee If this was L.A., I'd be a motherfuckin O.G. Ya my taste, thick in the waist, pretty in the face Dominican race, like my twin Triple Seis Hot as hell, I'm trickin' in Shorties sharp as nails, the official chick Reppin Uptown to Harlem World, where we at I'm up coughin in the ambulance From way downtown, they got the Horses and the Carriages For 40 bucks, you can ride and get ya hug on Another 20, puff lye and get ya crush on It's all love, just like the Bud' when ya hit it Cause way downtown, you know the fuzz is tryin' to hear it So when ya spark, ya make sure it's in the dark And most importantly, stay away from Central Park Cause cops live, just to put away a thug But not today, cause me and my baby in the Cabaret of Love [Verse Three: Charli Baltimore] Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, uhh I thought I already barked on cats about Westhaven It ain't work, gotta Scream on cats like Wes Craven Owwwww!, they ain't know I hadn't in me like lil' dicks, didn't know they had it in me Don't you know don't you know, we pull up from a show Cam and chrome bag the hoes, I Prada bags all the dough And caked out, break out, uh Horse & Carriage, forced to marriage, been had too many carats And they ain't know, passin' that down Where I come from Ask Jane, that's my dun-dun How we handle them dumb dumb's And we like, Siskel and Elbert We review cats, thumbs up if they they shit's right And down if they new jack's You might see Charli, in a Benz or Ferrari Hennesey or Pacardi, gettin' bent at a party But I flip, be the new face, cover of Trace This the motherfuckin remix, we ain't need no {Mase} Uh huh uh huh We like it (Slikk the Shocker) Uh huh uh huh (Cam'Ron, No Limit) (Untertainment) (Mo' money, ya heard me) [Verse Four: Silkk the Shocker] I live life like a thug, cause time's is rough Convicted felon; now I like, rhyme for bucks Ball till I fall, should I say, my time is up And I cop you diamonds, never diamond cut Forget the money, cause I could ball with or without the shipment And I'm down girl, but I could ball with or without the chick Sillk the Shocker, Cam'Ron, now how you gonna doubt us a hit (Must be a car), Miss I could pull you, with or without the six Now I ain't the C-E-O, but I ain't far from it So if I ain't far from C-E-O That mean I ain't far from havin' C-E-O money Can't discuss what I'm worth, but I'm worth this much Like Mantigo, fall back like snatchin' purses for bust So many styles - drop a beat, I'ma drop a hit Rap game stop for the dope game - and cop a brick No Limit Soldier baby, so watch the talk Get lost like ohhhhhhh, "It Ain't My Fault!" I'm from the N-O, L-I, M-I to the T Tru my click, Silkk, the Shocker, yeah that's me Now look, money I'm tryin' to make it Bustas I'm tryin' to break, girls is like Ooh I love Silkk, and then, ooh I hate him! Cause they can't have me, but I don't look I can't afford to live average So senorita, let me walk you to my carriage Now I don't wanna settle down, but we can do it like we married Cheese! [Chorus] - 2X (*music till fade*) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Canibus f/ Pras, Product, Wyclef Album: Can-I-Bus Song: Let's Ride Typed by: m_a_2@hotmail.com, trusoldiah@aol.com, OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Canibus] Yo, yo If you just listen to my lyrics every day for a couple of weeks My techniques will eventually kill you just like red meat The Bhagavad Gita beliefs I speak be so deep Most critics get mad because there's nothin to critique Whenever I'm rappin or rhymin with irrefutably remarkable timin I'm like, Charlie Chaplin pantomimin If you John Blaze, or you James Flames or you Jack Cremation, I'm Jermaine Propane (Jermaine Propane) No pain no gain in this rap game For the fortune and fame in order to remain Most real MC's, learn to adapt to the change or get washed away like tears in the rain, in the rain y'all Chorus: Wyclef, Product, Pras [Clef]	Just ride, just ride, ah just ride e'rybody just ride 	Just ride, just ride, ah just ride e'rybody just ride [Pro]	When you in the streets and you're drivin in your V 	if you can see what I see, you're prepared for the jackers [Can]	Old school, old school [Pras]	Everybody got to pack a mac now [Canibus] Yo, if you wanna know, how I kick a flow when I rip a show, with my lyric-al, I'ma let you know It's difficult, cause I'm a part spiritual, part para-physical miracle And I'ma blackout in a minute too Spittin like Bone-Thugs like  "Nigga-what? I'm-fin-to-get-a-gun and stick-em-up" then crush a Thug's Bones with a chrome slug The black Cyrano DeBergerac of rap with the ghetto Anglo-Sax' poetic syntax In fact, nigga don't even give me dap when I see you Just don't give me no ice grill eye contact either When you see me, whylin like Beenie on the speakers "Zim zimma -- who got the fire for my reefa?" Chorus: Product, Pras, Wyclef [Pro]	You came home from a bid a nigga was in your crib 	And the whole time you thought your girl was celebate [Can]	Old school old school [Pras]	You locked up and she need some di-ick [Clef]	Just ride, just ride, ah just ride e'rybody just ride 	Just ride in the hood, just ride, all my .. uh, ah just ride [Canibus] Yo physically I move at a velocity that'll break your stopwatch if you clockin me My concrete jungle is like Jumanji Iller than what you seen in the cinema A five foot eight, nigga with more horsepower than eight cylinders My brain consists of twin Pentium chips Double the clock speeds of a 586 And nothin about my physical matrix is BASIC I kick flavor beyond what your tongue is capable of tastin You'll be so surprised you won't believe your own eyes It's like a Jamaican seein the snow for the first time Rhymes of a sort, that distort space and time It's like explainin color to a man that was born blind Chorus: Product [Pro]	Crimes on the street, come from a lack of eatin 	It's not my cup of tea, but I'll give them the BEST 	Motherfuckin BEST 	And if you still out here I kick yo' ass tomorrow [Can]	Old school, old school (c'mon!) [Pro]	And if you still out here, I kick yo' ass tomorrow [Can]	Old school, old school (c'mon y'all) [Pro]	Frontin like you buyin food but you buyin crack bottles 	[Wyclef] 	Ah just ride, ah just ride 	Everybody in the East just ride 	Ah just ride, ah just ride 	Everybody in the West just ride 	Ah to the South, down South 	Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah 	Ah just ride The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Sarah Connor f/ Wyclef Jean Album: One Nite Stand 12" Song: One Nite Stand (Of Wolves and Sheep) Typed by: ahmez@freenet.de * * send corrections to the typist Sarah Connor (Wyclef Jean) Intro:		(Sarah Connor it's an honour) 		(Wyclef – bounce –) One nite stand (C'mon) Chorus		Love ya baby, drive me crazy 		Let me be your sugar daddy 		Looked into my eyes,  I was convinced 		That he's real, (real) 		Girlfriend  Ever had a boyfriend 		Looked to be your best friend 		Turned out to be a 		One nite stand Verse 1	He Loves Me  (I Love Ya)  He loves me not	 		He screams my name in bed Makes me feel so hot  		But once he's out the door  He's already forgot 		The promises he made  At the break of light (break of light) 		To Love Me  		Protect me 		Not leave me 		Or hurt me 	I was so foolish  And so blind to see 		That all he wanted to do  Was to use me 		(Let's Go) Chorus		 Verse 2	I Love him – I love him not 		I still scream his name in my bed at night (Wyclef) 		But once he's out the door 		He's already forgot  The promises he made at the break of light (break of light) 		He said he's needing me,  But he's misleading me- sayin' he loves me,  But he's mistreating me 	I was so foolish  And so blind to see 		That all he wanted to do  Was to use me (Let's Go, Let's Go) Chorus		 B-Section	But don't feel sad, bad, mad 		Cause I've too been 		Through the rain 		And I can feel your pain  (Feel it) 		Mama told me  		There'd be days like these 		So I'm telling you ladies 		(Take me to the bridge, Sarah Connor!) Bridge		Sitting in my room I'm all alone 		(You ain't gotta do that girl) 		My friends think I'm crazy 		Cause I'm waiting for your call 		Was it a dream or reality 		(When you said) When you said you'd be 		With me 		(Oh Oh Oh) 		For eternity (		(Oh Oh Oh) Wyclef  Wyclef and Sarah Connor 		Holler, lend me your ears This is the wickedest combination Since Sonny and Cher Say here girl, Take these dozens of roses And let me part the red sea Like I was Moses Ah I Love Is Love Two wrongs don't make it right So let's make love in the dark Til we break daylight Then hit the autobahn You and me in a Ferrari Fall asleep in Germany, Then wake up in New York City Chorus		 B-Section Outro		(Bounce now, wolves bounce now) 		Like sheep 		Watch out for the wolves wolves That be dressed like sheep C'mon bounce now, wolves bounce now Like sheep Like sheep, babe (C'mon bounce now, wolves bounce now) Like sheep Watch out for the wolves wolves  One nite stand (Bounce now) Wolves bounce now Like sheep Watch out for the wolves wolves  One nite stand Ladies, if you must have it Make sure he wears a prophylactic (Wolves bounce now) Like sheep (Bounce now) Watch out for the wolves wolves  One nite stand The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Da Band f/ Wyclef Jean Album: Too Hot for TV Song: Do You Know Typed by: Mark101583@yahoo.com (Wyclef Jean) Y'all hear the guitars Wyclef is in the building Puffy came to get me I have officially made the band I'm a rockstar (Sara) Duh Duh Duh Duh Duh Duh a Duh Duh Duh Duh Duh Duh Duh Duh a Duh Duh Duh Duh Duh Duh Duh Duh a Duh Duh Duh Duh Duh Duh Duh Duh Duh Duh Duh Do you know where you're going to Do you like the things That life is showing you What are you gonna do Do you know (Chopper) So where you from? (Babs) Where chicks rock Air Force 1's Belly shirts tied up and our hair stay done So where you from (Fred) Where they don't rock Air Force 1's We hit the block out the spots holding Air Force guns So where you from (Ness) Philly spitters rock Dickies and boots A deuce deuce in my tube socks inching the shoe Man where you from (Chopper) Where guerillas don't be messing with cops You catch a case Go on the run and still hugging the block (Babs) So what you doing (Chopper) Big Ballin' money makin and flossin' Sean Johnin' you know how we do it in New Orleans So what you doing (Ness) What I'm doing, man I'm doing it big I'm cockin it back the mack crack, crackin' your wig Man what you doing (Fred) Man I'm minding my bizz I'm trying to feed my kids I can't starve dog I need my rib Yo what you doing (Babs) Shuttin' broads down believe me On my grind all night cause your girl is greedy whoooo Chorus:(Sara) Do you know where you're going to Do you like the things That life is showing you What are you gonna do Do you know (Ness) All I know Somebody better have my money If being broke is a joke I don't find that funny (Babs) All I know That chicks better respect my gangsta I'm far from your mother But I still will spank ya (Chopper) All I know Is this project living and sh... What could you tell me If you ain't never been in this here (Fred) All I know My flow put me through better doors And bought two gold pedals For that Bentley Azure, euurrrke (Sara) Please, don't give up, on your life Ghetto child, it's alright, it's alright (Dylan) The sun will come out, tomorrow Even though we grindin' down in the ghetto But so we go, so we go When the sun come out to shine I'd be so ready for die now Forgive me for my sins But I still holding me nine-ah VIP looking for another man for rob now Just another way for escape Riker's Island (Fred) I'm gonna prove to these dudes I can get me a Coupe Without snatching you out of yours With that steam on you, blakoww (Chopper) I wanna prove I'm a superstar My rims sitting on Shaquille O'Neals You know who we are (Babs) I gonna prove it That Babs is the best in the game So thugs hold on tight Like I'm snatching your chain (Ness) And I'm gonna prove it To the chicks that cold shouldered me And the record labels That chose to look over me, ha I ain't going back to jail To a pack of Oodles and Noodles In the wack of my cell Dudes get cut in the yard We rushing the guards We taking over it's a riot Gun button the Sarge All of my homies with wheels Waiting for in the peel Is all the way real We peel penintentiary steel, come on (Sara) Do you knoooowwww Ohhhhhhh Do you know where you're going to Do you like the things That life is showing you What are you gonna do (You gotta know) Do you know (Wyclef Jean) Bad Boy, Refugee camp collabo, let's go (Babs) Babs from Brooklyn and I do my thing (Chopper) Chopper City straight out of New Orleans (Fred) The infamous Freddy P. from the M-I-A (Sara) It's Sara stokes with the Midwest Swing (Dylan) Dylan Dillinger doing me thing (Ness) E-Ness that Philly cat sticking for bling, pow (Sara) Duh Duh Duh Duh Duh Duh Duh Duh Duh Duh Duh Duh Duh Duh Duh Duh Duh Duh The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Destiny's Child f/ Wyclef Jean Album: Bug A Boo 12" Song: Bug A Boo (ReFugee Camp Remix) Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [Wyclef] (Everybody on the floor) East Side (Everybody on the floor) South Side (Everybody on the floor) North Side (Everybody on the floor) West Side (Everybody on the floor) [Le Toya] We told you we was gonna give it to you raw (Everybody on the floor) We ain't do it right the first time (Everybody on the floor) We gonna do it right the second time (Everybody on the floor) 1 - [Destiny's Child]   You make me wanna throw my pager out the window   Tell MCI to cut the phone poles   Break my lease so I can move   'Cause you a bug a boo, a bug a boo   I wanna put your number on the call block   Have AOL make my e-mails stop   'Cause you a bug a boo   You're buggin' what? You're buggin' who? You're buggin me   And don't you see it ain't cool 2 - [Wyclef]   Come on, come on, come on   Yo who's bugging who?   Destiny is coming through   Wyclef, Jerry Wonder 'bout to hit y'all with the new groove   [Destiny's Child]   Who's bugging who?   Destiny is coming through   La Tavia, Le Toya, Beyoncé, Kelly acting a fool [Beyoncé] It's not hot that you be callin' me Stressing me, paging my beeper You're just non-stop And it's not hot That you be leaving me messages every 10 minutes And then you stop by When I first met you, you were cool But it was game you had me fooled 'Cause 20 minutes after I gave you my number You already had my mailbox full [Beyoncé] So what, you're talking 'bout your "feeling you's" Never told you to buy me shoes Now you're rolling with an attitude Plus the word on the streets is you're a bug a boo Repeat 1 Repeat 2 [Beyoncé] It's not hot that when I'm blocking your phone number You call me from over your best friend's house And it's not hot that I can't even go out with my girlfriends Without you tracking me down You need to chill out with that mess 'Cause you can't keep having me stressed 'Cause every time my phone rings it seems to be you And I'm praying that it is someone else [Beyoncé] So what? Ain't even like I knew you So what? Tell your peoples I ain't feeling you So what? Don't call me I'll call you Cause cupid ain't shoot till he shot you Repeat 1 [Beyoncé] (Wyclef) Yo Clef (What up? What up?) We ain't heard from you in a while So break it down for the cheering, Latin style [Wyclef] Destiny's Child remade numero uno You wanna hate me now like Nas Cause you dos, tres, cuatro Thugs still in the dance Ain't no need to bust you're A-K We all can get along Or we can do it Carlito's Way Cause even though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death I fear no evil, got the Lord present, standing Eagle Way before birth I had this whole book memorized I roll with murderers that just got baptized I be allowed to see through the eyes of Zion The New Jerusalem So sing the hook and stop buggin' Repeat 1 [Wyclef] Hey yo La Tavia's in the house Is Beyoncé in the house? The said Le Toya's in the house Is Kelly in the house? It's the Refugee Camp The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Destiny's Child f/ Wyclef Jean Album: No, No, No (CD or cassette single) Song: No, No, No (Part II) Typed by: jannunz@netaxis.com Intro: Wyclef Jean This is the remix The jeep's pump this new remix (uh huh) This is the remix Radio's play this remix This is the remix The Crups pump this remix This is the remix Refugee Camp the remix Destiny's Child 'bout to set it This is the remix The streets pump the remix This is the remix Every project, come on, come on Destiny's Child, hey Verse One: Destiny's Child Boy I know you want me I can see it in your eyes But you keep on frontin' Won't you say what's on your mind Cuz each and every time you need me You give me signs But when I ask you what's the deal You hold it all inside If you wanna be with me Ya gotta keep it real Tell me what's going on Tell me how you feel Boy I know you want me Just as much as I want you So come and get my love It's all here for you Chorus: You'll be saying no, no, no, no, no When it's really yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah You'll be saying no, no, no, no, no When it's really yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (Why you frontin' when you know you really want it) You'll be saying no, no, no, no, no When it's really yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah You'll be saying no, no, no, no, no When it's really yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (Why you frontin' when you know you really want it) Verse Two: Destiny's Child If you keep acting this way You're gonna lose my love I ain't got no time to play You better hurry up Cuz every time I come around Crews run around your way I see ya on the corner But you don't know what to say When I walk up to you baby You seem so shy What's the problem baby Never had a girl like I I can see right through you And you know you wanna be mine So get your act together Cuz you're running out of time REPEAT CHORUS (Don't front, you know you really want it) (Is it alright if I play my guitar right here) Bridge: Everytime I see you with your boys You pretend as if you don't want me When you get home you call me on the phone And tell me how much you care Verse Three: Wyclef Jean Yo, close your eyes, shorty You're guarenteed to be hypnotized By the remix that Wyclef provide I don't care about your size Girl shake your thighs All I'm trying to do In the hood is stay alive Make a little money with Destiny's Child Thugs hear this song, they dance they go wild Like Texas, they movin' like No Limit soldiers They went from a dream to the Young supremes, sing it girls REPEAT CHORUS UNTIL FADE The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: (DJ) Muggs f/ Wyclef Jean Album: Muggs Presents... The Soul Assassins Song: John 3:16 Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Wyclef Jean] This is not the burial, it's the ressurection Hey kids gather 'round (All around the world) It's DJ Muggs, with Wyclef (Yeah, all around the world) Aha, I got a story to tell (All around the world) Check it out, c'mon What do you mean, John 3:16? For God so loved the world, every man packs an M-16 (uh-huh) Says the boy to the fiend What do you mean? Huh (uh-huh) What do you mean, John 3:16? For God so loved the world, every one packs an M-16 I wanna wake up from this dream  (I wanna wake up from this dream) Check it out [Verse One] I caught the bullet, I was stumblin like a mulet Drink white Russian; game, Russian roulette Flight Continental six o'clock in the mornin Briefcase full o' cocaine on my way out, I tipped the doorman Jumped into the cab said, "Hail Mary, full of Grace" Yesterday communion was the Mafia's reunion Confessed to the priest, evade the apple, I ate the peach Slept with Vanity, sold my soul to Robin Leach Devil music in my ear, no fear, I'm pumpin Def Leppard Slow down, here comes the narc' with the German shepherd I got the plan, man, meet me in the van I got this kid from the Sudan bringin tecs from Iran (uh-huh) What do you mean, John 3:16? For God so loved the world, every man packs an M-16 Says the boy to the fiend (All around the world) (uh-huh) What do you mean? What do you mean? What do you mean, John 3:16? For God so loved the world, every one packs an M-16 Says the girl to the fiend (uh-huh) So in the streets, the product must be clean (uh-huh) [Verse Two] Five-eleven, the young one went to heaven Yo with the gun to his head; yo he was already dead Sunday mornin in court, the judge got Wyclef confessin "Yo, I murdered Steve Austin," now I'm wanted by Bionic Woman Women bring you more miseries like that movie Stress go to India, smoke hashish with Ghandi (uh-huh) My bills of rights is to make sure you're alright Superman left the gang, cause his weakness was Crips-tonight (bing) Godfather got the cottonballs to his cheeks Pig couldn't fly straight so you die in your sleep I stay awake only to see Nicodemus The young one got murdered, the day was the Sabbath What do you mean, John 3:16? For God so loved the world, every man packs an M-16 What do you mean, says the boy to the fiend Why we killin for the green? What do you mean, John 3:16? For God so loved the world, every man packs an M-16 Says the girl to the fiend (All around the world) I wanna wake up from this dream [Verse Three] I know this drug dealer, who drive a black beamer Dreadlock cut off once by this girl named Delilah Pretty little dancer, voice like Tina Turner Chickenheads are you a virgin? Yeah right, so was Madonna! S-s-sinner, sinner, seek the master If not, feel the explosion from the day after Bit by the vampire, worked for the mobster Two to the head - and now you swimmin with the lobsters We got'cha got'cha, set up in Oklahoma You caught a bad one like a kid catchin pneumonia So storyteller, what's the moral of this story? Live reality and don't get caught up in your fantasy What do you mean, John 3:16? For God so loved the world, every man packs an M-16 Says the boy to the fiend (All around the world) Aren't we all human beings? (uh-huh) What do you mean, John 3:16? For God so loved the world, every man packs an M-16 (M-16) But the dream.. is still for green.. (so) so we die in the steam [Wyclef Jean] (What do you mean, John 3:16?) This is how it is around the way, y'knahmsayin Muggs? Wyclef.. and it don't stop Refugee Camp, bing! (What do you mean, John 3:16?) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: DJ Quik f/ Wyclef Jean Album: Trauma Song: Ladies & Thugs Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [18 seconds of non-lyrics to open] [Wyclef] Let's go Quik [DJ Quik] I wanna, punch them niggaz sayin gold don't rock And I wanna, rape that bitch that told a lie on 'Pac I wanna right some wrongs before I put my coast on lock So when you see the glock bastard don't you go into shock If the hood hates me I'll buy your enemies guns and have 'em clappin on you shermheads, takin your funds Scarin you motherfuckers to death, give you the runs You better nice up, before you leak and warm the ice up [Wyclef Jean] I wanna murder the sniper that shot at Martin Luther King Then get rid of the Viagra cause I'm strictly ginseng Campaign in the hood if you want progress Take all the gangs, put 'em up in Congress Quik is so quick, listen to the ba-bum ba-bum Brooklyn Zoo, California, with guns the size of elephant trunk, trunk trunks, ladies shake your hump hump Get your "Flashlight" cause we crunk like P-Funk [Chorus: Wyclef] Ladies - I know you feel me If you up in the party let me see you shake your body like you got no bones and you tipsy off the Henny Thugs - easy with the slugs tonight I'm tryin to meet my wife tonight, make love tonight You don't wanna see yo' body on ice, right [DJ Quik] Now if I snapped, it was just a matter of time before I turned into the Mad Hatter, splatter your bladder On the morning after, you can't refute the disaster Cause body parts get musty in plaster (ew) Don't try to call a truce cause I'm still comin after you I don't like your kids but I'ma spare 'em; maybe later add 'em to my harem, and share 'em with the niggaz you like the least That still got it out for yo' ass when you swiped the piece [Wyclef Jean] Yo, ever since "The Score" Quik these rappers just bored So I ain't rap no more; I wrote songs for Whitney Houston you could catch me with Santana Bandana on tour, DipSet'n like Santana We don't sell like we used to sell? That's cause they live in America, we get worldwide sales I'm on tour half of the year, you can't see me cuz And your career gon' be as long as Britney's wedding was, ya heard? [Wyclef - singing] California, knows how to party when I land in the L-A-X Quik picked me up, four freaks in a stretch Big California chronic, me nah smoke sess But it's all buddha bless from the East and the West Throw up yo' set, I don't say this often But we gotta keep the peace, too many in a coffin Pour some liquor for my cousins out in Compton [DJ Quik] I'm not a kingpin, I'm just a wing man Strapped to the teeth with a blunt, and a green can A-B-C-D-E-F no G Hennessy and Olde E, we run so deep 86 your concubine, he's just an old creep You're so weak nigga and your hoes is so cheap nigga You can't even get a prop on your own street I'm at the Lake Park and Meridian if you wanna speak The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Elephant Man f/ Diddy, Wyclef Jean Album: Five O 12" Song: Five O Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Elephant Man] One Jamaican linked with Haitian [Diddy] (Elephant Man)(*Wyclef Jean): Y'all know Elephant Man on Bad Boy?! This is a Bad Boy Records, VP Productions! They call me Diddy, Elephant Man (Dem fi know!!!) Wyclef!!! (*Once upon a time I got my visa) Worldwide production! Ahhhhhhhhhh!!!!!! [Chorus: Wyclef Jean] (Elephant Man) Search search search but they can't find nothin (Nothin) Look look look but they cant find nothin Oh oh oh oh oh oh!!! Five O!!!!!!!! [Elephant Man]: Wyclef they wanna frame frame frame say they lookin for somethin My lawyer got me off now I'm sittin in somethin Oh oh oh oh oh oh!!! Five O!!!!!!!! [Verse 1: Wyclef Jean] (Elephant Man) Once you hear that WOO! WOO! WOO! (Come on!!!) put the stash away! When you hear that WOO! WOO! WOO! (Weh yuh seh!!!) A.K. away (A lie!) Yo! You got your thing on ya? (I got my ting on mi)  You got your thing on ya? (Of course mi have mi ting) Once you hear that WOO! WOO! WOO! (Weh yuh seh!!!) put the stash away! When you hear that WOO! WOO! WOO! (Uh huh!!!) A.K. away (A lie!) Yo! You got your thing on ya? (Mi have mi ting pon mi)  You got your thing on ya? (Of course mi have mi ting) Ele! If the feds did draw you (Who?) What you 'gon do?!!! (Nah go run him dung and go awhile him a go give him a clue) If you gave him consignment he said you'll have the money (Betta disappear cause then you will miss him mi a go dun him) Now if he run to the cops and you see him on the block (BRAGGA!!! BRAP!!! COPPA A GO FIRE NON STOP!!!!) Now you in front of the judge!!!! (Two years a cowboy lost time, dem fi know a more than that we run!!!) [Chorus: Wyclef Jean] (Elephant Man) Search search search but they can't find nothin (Nothin) Look look look but they cant find nothin Oh oh oh oh oh oh!!! Five O!!!!!!!! [Elephant Man]: Wyclef they wanna frame frame frame say they lookin for somethin My lawyer got me off now I'm sittin in somethin Oh oh oh oh oh oh!!! Five O!!!!!!!! [Verse 2: Wyclef Jean] (Elephant Man) Once you hear that WOO! WOO! WOO! (Come on!!!) put the stash away! When you hear that WOO! WOO! WOO! (Weh yuh seh!!!) A.K. away (A lie!) Yo! You got your thing on ya? (I got my ting on mi)  You got your thing on ya? (Of course mi have mi ting) Once you hear that WOO! WOO! WOO! (Weh yuh seh!!!) put the stash away! When you hear that WOO! WOO! WOO! (Uh huh!!!) A.K. away (A lie!) Yo! You got your thing on ya? (Mi have mi ting pon mi)  You got your thing on ya? (Of course mi have mi ting) So watch out for informers!!!! (Informers!!! Murda di bwoy deh!!! Murda di bwoy deh!!! M-Murda di bwoy deh!!!) I'm talkin bout informers!!! (Informers!!! M-Murda di bwoy deh!!! Murda di bwoy deh!!! M-M-Murda di bwoy deh!!!) Watch out for the snitches!!! (Snitches!!!Murda di bwoy deh!!! M-M-Murda di bwoy deh!!! M-Murda di bwoy deh!!!) I'm talkin bout informers!!! (Informers!!! M-Murda di bwoy deh!!! Murda di bwoy deh!!! M-M-Murda di bwoy deh!!!) Trust me you don't care if your baby (If your baby) Just born (Just born) The handcuffs he 'gon, put them on (Put them on) He don't care if you, lost your job (Don't care) This your gonna find yourself locked up behind the bars  They don't care!!! [Chorus: Wyclef Jean] (Elephant Man) Search search search but they can't find nothin (Nothin) Look look look but they cant find nothin Oh oh oh oh oh oh!!! Five O!!!!!!!! [Elephant Man]: Wyclef they wanna frame frame frame say they lookin for somethin My lawyer got me off now I'm sittin in somethin Oh oh oh oh oh oh!!! Five O!!!!!!!! [Bridge: Diddy] So all my ghetto soldiers out there!!! Drive safely, beware, there out there, you feel me?! Becareful, be safe, protect yourself Bad Boy!!! BRRAPP!!!! BRRAPP!!!! BRRAPP!!!! BRRAPP!!!! BRRAPP!!!! Come on man Elephant Man's on Bad Boy now!!! [Outro: Wyclef Jean] (Elephant Man)  Once you hear that WOO! WOO! WOO! (Come on!!!) put the stash away! When you hear that WOO! WOO! WOO! (Weh yuh seh!!!) A.K. away (A lie!) Yo! You got your thing on ya? (I got my ting on mi)  You got your thing on ya? (Of course mi have mi ting) Once you hear that WOO! WOO! WOO! (Weh yuh seh!!!) put the stash away! When you hear that WOO! WOO! WOO! (Uh huh!!!) A.K. away (A lie!) Yo! You got your thing on ya? (Mi have mi ting pon mi)  You got your thing on ya? (Of course mi have mi ting) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Elephant Man f/ Assassin, Diddy, Swizz Beatz, Wyclef Jean & Yung Joc Album: Let's Get Physical Song: Five O (Remix) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Elephant Man] One Jamaican linked with Haitian [Diddy] (Elephant Man)(*Wyclef Jean): Y'all know Elephant Man on Bad Boy?! This is a Bad Boy Records, VP Productions! They call me Diddy, Elephant Man (Dem fi know!!!) Wyclef!!! (*Once upon a time I got my visa) This is the remix!!!! Ahhhhhhhhhh!!!!!! [Chorus: Wyclef Jean] (Elephant Man) (*Swizz Beatz) Search search search but they can't find nothin (Nothin) Look look look but they can't find nothin Oh oh oh oh oh oh!!! Five O!!!!!!!! (*Aww man y'all know who it is?) [Elephant Man]: Wyclef they wanna frame frame frame say they lookin for somethin My lawyer got me off now I'm sittin in somethin (*It's me, why y'all wanna stop me man I just put the...) Oh oh oh oh oh oh!!! Five O!!!!!!!! (*I just put these things on my car man! I told you!) [Verse 1: Swizz Beatz] Once you hear the police hatin (Hatin) Cause we makin money WOO!!! WOO!!! Hatin (Hatin) Tryin to take it from me Chillin in my Beemer, listenin to Ether Smokin my reefa, can't find it either Gun in my stashbox can't get it either Money in the bank, Swizz can't get it either (Pull Over The Car!!!) Hands Up! Freeze ! Fr-Freeze! Fr-Freeze! Fr-Freeze! It's me snitches!!!! [Verse 2: Elephant Man] Alright! Siren a flash I'm caught with di glock from run inna real roadblock (Yeah!) Nah get panic with the D.E.A. F.B.I. or di S.W.A.T All yuh do play cool and don't act a fool mek sure yuh brain intact Turn to yuh girl, inna di passenger seat, give har yuh strap fi lock Tek mi outta di car, tell mi nuh move and have dem gun pon cock Wonda if it's a racial ting like Rodney King because I'm black Search di car, only ting dem find is just my CD stash We good to go, like a don, and go hear some album tracks [Chorus: Wyclef Jean] (Elephant Man) (*Assassin) Search search search but they can't find nothin (Nothin) Look look look but they can't find nothin Oh oh oh oh oh oh!!! Five O!!!!!!!! [Elephant Man]: Wyclef they wanna frame frame frame say they lookin for somethin My lawyer got me off now I'm sittin in somethin Oh oh oh oh oh oh!!! Five O!!!!!!!! (*Versatile!!!! Check check, Assassin di best, a murda!!!) [Verse 3: Assassin] Well mi seh born as a juggler hustler but believe mi Snitches a sell mi out like they wanna see mi On COPS, America's Most Wanted or Court TV Feds dem a hunt fah mi wid info from dem source But everytime dem reach we disappear just like a ghost It's not like mi a brag or mi a boast But mi have my own a source, see di report, dem always keep mi posted [Verse 4: Yung Joc] I see the, five O watchin (Watchin) They got they eyes on me (Eyes On Me) They wanna set me up, land a couple pies on me (Pies On Me) I'm streetwise I don't ride with them pies on me The feds takin pictures and they tellin lies on me Oh see I'm way too clever (Clever) They'll never jam Joc You with all of them snitchesm get you and your fam shot I keep my eyes on my rear view, gotta get a clear view Watch what you do when the five O near you [Bridge: Wyclef Jean] (Elephant Man) Once you hear that WOO! WOO! WOO! (Come on!!!) put the stash away! When you hear that WOO! WOO! WOO! (Weh yuh seh!!!) A.K. away (A lie!) Yo! You got your thing on ya? (I got my ting on mi) You got your thing on ya? (Of course mi have mi ting) Once you hear that WOO! WOO! WOO! (Weh yuh seh!!!) put the stash away! When you hear that WOO! WOO! WOO! (Uh huh!!!) A.K. away (A lie!) Yo! You got your thing on ya? (Mi have mi ting pon mi) You got your thing on ya? (Of course mi have mi ting) [Verse 5: Elephant Man] Once you hear the (WOO! WOO!) Babylon cover di base Dem a look fah machine and slugs, bloody on gloves But mi nuh O.J. caan frame mi cause nobody caan touch mi But we nah go sign nuh deal real yardie nah go squeal Tell D.A. seh fi bun appeal, eh? Dem come a search search, bout dem a look fah somethin fi tek Roll up wid dem army waan fi arm we but a Jah protect di I When dem out fi crucify which is very unlikely Then they find somethin a fi fry mi [Chorus: Wyclef Jean] (Elephant Man) Search search search but they can't find nothin (Nothin) Look look look but they can't find nothin Oh oh oh oh oh oh!!! Five O!!!!!!!! [Elephant Man]: Wyclef they wanna frame frame frame say they lookin for somethin My lawyer got me off now I'm sittin in somethin Oh oh oh oh oh oh!!! Five O!!!!!!!! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: French Montana f/ Edley Shine, Elephant Man, Nicki Minaj, Wyclef Jean Album: Freaks (DJ Suss One Remix) Song: Freaks (DJ Suss One Remix) Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Edley Shine] Fi di dancehall fans dem! [Chorus: Sample from "Freaks" by Lil' Vicious & Doug E. Fresh] (*Edley Shine)  (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (*DJ Suss One! A di feature presentation) (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (FREAKS!) Some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a (*Remix kings! We nah romp wid dem this year!) (FREAKS!) Some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a (FREAKS!) Some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a (FREAKS!) Some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a (*J. Butta! A mad ting!) [Verse One: Nicki Minaj] Said he met this little girl by the name of Onika When my body shake all the boys wanna freak her  Brag and a boast they be, doin the most If I, look at his friend he'll be, grippin the toast So I took him to the crib, to kill him wid it Put my legs behind my head I hit the ceilin wid it When I put it in his mouth I couldn't believe it He looked me in my eyes and said he wanna breed it Passa passa, you ain't got no ends in mi casa Big fat pussy, mi fasta  Hit up Green Acres, hit up Kings Plaza Some a dem seh dem Gully, some a dem seh dem Gaza WAH!!!! [Chorus: Sample from "Freaks" by Lil' Vicious & Doug E. Fresh] (*Wyclef Jean)  (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (*She's A) (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (*She's A) (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (*Wyclef lookin for a freak a di week yeah!) (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (FREAKS!) Some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a (FREAKS!) Some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a (FREAKS!) Some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a (*Wyclef lookin for a freak a di week yeah!) (FREAKS!) Some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a [Verse Two: Wyclef Jean] She screams, like we in the jungle Kamasutra she workin from every angle  Jump in the air and she land and a split Go from the split now she up on her head Go from her head now she's layin on her back Then she waitin for the thuggy thuggy to attack the cat She tell me lock the door now she wanna get spanked  +Bedroom Bully+ like the one Shabba Ranks Do not get scared, signs at the door She said it's nothin that she wouldn't explore Then we nah watch no ticky ticky ticky time Just freak freaky wine and bend back yuh spine Suss One she's a!!!! [Chorus: Sample from "Freaks" by Lil' Vicious & Doug E. Fresh] (*Elephant Man)  (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (*Weh yuh seh? Energy God love how dem gyal a freaky) (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (*Hey Ele! Energy God love how dem gyal a freaky) (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a  (*Baby! How yuh so bad? How, How yuh so freaky?) (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (*Hey Ele! Energy God love how dem gyal a freaky) (FREAKS!) Some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a (*YEP! COME ON!) (FREAKS!) Some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a (*YEP! COME ON!) (FREAKS!) Some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a (*YEP! COME ON!) (FREAKS!) Some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a (*BAD GYAL REPRESENT WEH OONU COME FROM?!) [Verse Three: Elephant Man] (*Sample from "Freaks" by Lil' Vicious & Doug E. Fresh) Freaky freaky, mi know dat gyal a freaky Di wey mi see she fly dung pon di pole mi know she freaky Di wey mi see she mek di bumpa roll mi know she freaky Now true she look sneaky she will lick yuh like a sweety WUY! Come yah now gyal, mek mi tek off dashiki She love it when mi spank it call mi daddy when mi beat it Har looks is so deceivin, so yo watch how she pretty  Fi this, gyal well ridin like jockey wid nuh pity Yes! Fi have a freak a every man desire Fulfil him need anyting him require WORST! When she hold dung har head fi seh a prayer A from mi know seh this gyal a, so so some gyal a (FREAKS!) [Verse Four: Edley Shine] Let mi see di gyal dem weh know seh dem a freak Wey handle dem biz pon a long piece a meat Follow di Saw tune and leave yuh +Heels On+ Freak nuh fi fraid when har time fi perform Cau! When dem a fuck dem leave di lights on Dash wey di condom and give it to yuh raw We double up wid dem eediat gyal yah Weh dem a give yuh leav yuh up inna di morgue And leff yuh wid yuh jacket and tek yuh moola Write a book reality shows dem full a drama Cute face fat ass di whole a dem sneaky  Only pon Twitter dem tweet mi yuh seet!!!!! [Chorus: Sample from "Freaks" by Lil' Vicious & Doug E. Fresh] (*Elephant Man) (**French Montana) (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a  (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a  (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a  (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (FREAKS!) Some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a (*YEP! COME ON!) (FREAKS!) Some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a (*YEP! COME ON!) (FREAKS!) Some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a (*YEP! COME ON!) (FREAKS!) Some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a (**MONTANA!!!) [Verse Five: French Montana] Light up the fire, you know we get higher Rollin up loud real niggas movin quiet Like it then I buy it, you donkeys on a diet Bringin all my jewels I ain't know I start a riot  Ridin with the blicker, messin up makeup  You blowin up her phone, she ain't tryin to pick up Drinkin out the bottle, leanin with a model I throw a hundred racks up you think I hit the lotto Ridin with the wolves I ain't talkin Minnesota Shorty comin over, 'gon bend it over Let me plank on it (On it) Put a drink on it (On it) Heard you a freak, put my name on it (MONTANA!!!) HAAAAA!!!!! [Chorus: Sample from "Freaks" by Lil' Vicious & Doug E. Fresh] (*Elephant Man) (**Edley Shine)  (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (FREAKS!) Freaks some gyal a freaks a di week some gyal a (FREAKS!) Some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a (*YEP! COME ON!) (**REFIX!) (FREAKS!) Some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a (*YEP! COME ON!) (**REFIX!) (FREAKS!) Some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a (*YEP! COME ON!) (FREAKS!) Some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a, some gyal a (**LIL' VICIOUS BIG UP YUHSELF IT'S A CLASSIC AIGHT) (FREAKS!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Funkmaster Flex f/ Khadejia, Pras Michel, Product, Wyclef Album: The Mix Tape Volume III - 60 Minutes of Funk Song: Here We Go Typed by: jobrush@suffolk.lib.ny.us  [ chorus : Khadejia and Product ] The boys look so good but theyre minds are not ready So here we go yall Thats why Id rather talk to a man cause his mind is so steady So here we go yall Yo, the girl looks so good but her mind is not ready So here we go yall Thats why Id rather talk to a woman cause her mind is so steady So here we go yall  [ Khadejia ] Friday night, see Im vibin and feelin right Sunroof back me and my baby just had a fight I gotta clear my mind of problems that I have inside So I bump in my ride so you dont hear me cry  [ chorus ]  [ Product ] Uhhh, the weekends here and Im chillin with my crew You got me stressed and Im sittin here sippin boo  [ Khadejia ] I wanna clear my mind of problems that I have inside  [ Product ] Ohh, when I jump in my ride Im a try to loopb hold it all inside  [ chorus ]  [ Wyclef and Pras ] Yo Yo Yo we dont like-a  A jealousy with envy We dont like When you smile and wanna blast me We dont like Stick up, give up your jewelry We dont like Suicide for milly or for dealy What we like Yeah is when we chill wit the herb What we like  Is to drink in the Titanic wit no iceberg What we like-a Is when the thugs get hyper Make sure what your brinme aint carrying lice Right about now if you ready for the ghetto princess Khadejia Let me see one finger in the air Da da da ( one finger in the air ) Da da da da daaah ( one finger in the air ) Da da da ( one finger in the air ) Da da da da daaah ( one finger in the air ) Da da da daah ( one finger in the air ) Daaah Hey yo Khadejia Khadejia  [ chorus ] Artist: Gucci Mane f/ Wyclef Jean Album: The Appeal: Georgia's Most Wanted Song: ODog Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Intro/Chorus: Wyclef Jean] I'm a thuuuuuuuug Even though I wanna change my life and get it right To the judge, I'm always gon' be a thuuug Like O-Dog, "Menace II Society" They wanna see me undergrooooound But I just bought a plane, hey, hey Sky is the limit now; my jet just took off the ground now And ain't nobody gon' stop my destiny, destiny, no no no Ladies night - pop a bottle now Cause the wear just came off now From doin time in the penitentiaryyyy, yeah And if you come from the ghetto and you feel like a champion Let me see you put your hands up (put your hands up) Put your hands up (put your hands up) Put your hands up (put your hands up) Put your hands up (put your hands up) [Gucci Mane] {?} beatin on my chick {?}  Feelin hipper than a hippie in a tye-dye shirt Gucci Mane motherfucker and the earth my turf Ice cold, buzz hotter than July 1st Oooh, this the type of tune make a dime choose He make it rain then I can make it monsoon I buy a bitch out her contract, dumb stacks Suckers sleepin on me Zantax, I'm deadly I'm talkin Anthrax, the other side of the tracks You know the Amtrak; multi-millionaire still rockin amulets I was turnt up to the mess but now I'm past that But now I'm past that I move stealth, I'm gettin jealous of myself Me and Wyclef and the swagger's SoSoDef Smoke pounds of that 'dro 'dro from out West And I ain't made at no one cause I'm oh so blessed It's Gucci [Gucci Mane] Tired of all these late nights, smoked out shit Ain't no mo' leavin the club three or fo' bad chicks I ain't goin to the lot, coppin no mo' whips I ain't drinkin, all the pills, I'm all done, I quit PSYYYYYYCH~! I'm poppin wheelies with a dime on the bike My baby right, she whispered in my ear tonight is the night I'm higher than a kite, bright ice, in need of a light Pilot lighter light it homey as I lean to my stripe Ye ain't freshest out here, ye ain't ballin like me Baby talk can't comprehend, talkin foreign to more Purple label, Polo, Revlon on me I'm the big homey, you a big phony (well damn!) Makin movies in the V.I.P. I need a Tony Gucci Mane Tarantino with the tenderonis Pour 80 bottles in her face, now she dancin on me She know she dancin with a star them diamonds dancin on me It's Gucci [Outro] It's Gucci The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Whitney Houston f/ Dyme, Kristina, Wyclef Jean Album: My Love is Your Love 12" Song: My Love is Your Love (Remix) Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com, janis@betatesters.com [Wyclef] Yo Whitney and Wyclef Turn this up you gonna feel it up Yo if I became broke tomorrow Would I still be your pharaoh? Your ghetto Prince of Egypt And if I got into a motorcycle accident and crashed And became paraplegic Yeah and if the feds rush the door And find guns on the floor And took us to federal court Would you say they were yours? If I had to do a bid Would you take care of the kids? And never let another nig in the crib Keep the kitty licked, yeah [Whitney](Kristina) If tomorrow is judgment day (sing mommy) And I'm standing on the front line And the Lord asks me what I did with my life I will say, I spent it with you If I wake up in World War Three I see destruction and poverty And I feel like I wanna go home It's okay if you're coming with me 1 -  [Whitney]    Your love is my love and my love is your love    It would take an eternity to break us    And the chains of Amistad couldn't hold us Repeat 1 [Whitney] If I lose my fame and fortune (It really don't matter) And I'm homeless on the streets And I'm sleeping in Grand Central Station (okay) It's okay if you're sleeping with me (baby) As the years, they pass us by We stay young through each other's eyes (Each other's eyes) And no matter how old we get, ooh It's okay as long as I got you, baby, yeah, yeah, yeah Repeat 1 (2x) [Whitney] If I should die this very day Don't cry cause on Earth We wasn't meant to stay And no matter what the people say (It really won't matter) I'll be waiting for you After the judgment day [Dyme] Now I lay me down to rest I pray that life don't get you stressed If you should cry, if you should break I pray these streets don't take your life Means more to me than that Rolley with the plat Heard that? Believe that, I ain't letting none of that Go down, when the feds come tell 'em none, they my guns And if they see me in the streets and wanna take my dough Take my clothes, for that price you can have my life Y'all shouting Dyme, that's my name Chicks spit fire, I'm putting out the flame For life, wifee, mommy to baby girl I wouldn't give it up for all the money in the world Oh my time is up, bricks to Mt. Vernon Clef and All Star bring in Whitney Houston Repeat 1 (2x) [Wyclef] (Kristina) Collabo, All Star, East Side Refugee Camp from the basement, West Side (Clap your hands) And it don't stop South Side (Clap your hands) And me, North Side (I said the record is not over yet) (Clap your hands) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Michael Jackson f/ John Forte, Wyclef Jean Album: Blood on the Dance Floor: HIStory in the Mix Song: 2 Bad (Refugee Camp Mix) Typed by: Tha Lyricz Finisha (Wyclef) No Mercy This is officially a Refugee Camp Remix Home with it. I'm right back where I wanna be Told me that you're doin' wrong, (oh my, zippin' through) Word out shockin' all alone (no) Cryin' wolf ain't like a man Throwin' rocks to hide your hand (yeah hey) You ain't done enough for me You ain't done enough for me You are disgustin' me (Yeah, yeah) You're aiming just for me You are disgustin' me Just want your cut from me But too bad, too bad Ah, look who just walked in the place (refugee camp) Dead and stuffy in the face (yeah yeah yeah yeah) Look who's standing if you please (yeah yeah yeah) No, though you tried to bring me to my knees Too bad, too bad about it Why don't you scream and shout it Too bad, too bad about it Why don't you just scream and shout it Too bad, too bad about it Why don't you scream and shout it Too bad, too bad about it Why don't you just scream and shout it (John Forte) You say John Forte Like the major holiday I met with MJ on the ranch of seven fey Flowin' to them g six, that's how you saw them remix Blast off a cramp while I laugh at yo re-six T double O B A to the D You just double A Small town battery Buffet You can't eat of them floor we bend Word like the power lunch of the four seasons Too bad. What do you want from me What do you want from me Tired of you haunting me (Yeah, yeah) You're aiming just for me You are disgustin' me You got blood lust for me But too bad, too bad Look who got slapped in the face (refugee camp) It's dead and stuffy in the p The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Jin tha MC f/ Wyclef Jean Album: The Rest is History Song: Learn Chinese Typed by: jammanxc@yahoo.com Yeah, I'm Chinese and what? Yeah, you know who this is, Jin Let me tell you this The days of the pork fried rice and the chicken wings coming to your house five years is over Ya'll gonna learn Chinese Ya'll gonna learn Chinese Ya'll gonna learn Chinese When the pumps come out, ya'll gon' speak Chinese Ya'll gonna learn Chinese Ya'll gonna wanna be Chinese Ya'll gonna learn Chinese When the pumps go off, ya'll gon' speak Chinese [Jin] Go fuck with your head man I know a bunch of crypts that love Redman Blood book in New York man things done change Stop, the chinks be all over the game This ain't Bruce Lee, I watch too much TV This is a game of death when I aim for your chest Too much sex got me seeing slow motion Eyes barely open with a roach roasting' And your girl, she loves the gin ocean Rub it on her body like body shop lotion What's the commotion, you never seen me? The original chinky eye emcee You don't want to step to the army And Double-R rank refugee And the battle of the gun is gonna make you speak another language And amigo I ain't talking about Spanish [Jin] This one goes out to those that order four chicken wings And pork fried rice and throw dice In the hood, you think this is all good? Till the cowboys roam through like Clint Eastwood I wish you would come to Chinatown Get lost in town, end up in the lost in found Eyewitnesses, you must be crazy We don't speak English, we speak Chinese And the only po-po we know is the pigs on the hood out in the window Every time they harass me, I wanna explode We should ride the train for free, we built the railroads I ain't ya 50 Cent, I ain't ya Enimem I ain't ya Jigga Man, I'm a chinaman Ginseng in the palm of my hand She looks suprirsed in the palm of my hands You know what's next? Safe sex I'll be damned if I sleep in the flesh with the insect [Hook] (Woman singing) (Jin speaking Chinese: This one sounds good. Let's give her a call on the phone.) Mr. Jin, you are the sexist man Mr. Jin, I love the way you do your things (Jin speaking Chinese: Really?) Mr. Jin, you are the sexist man Mr. Jin, I love the way you do your things [Jin] The moral of the story is Don't judge a book by its cover I know you think he's fam, but he's really undercover I saw his name on the affidavit It was written in Chinese and this is what he said: (Jin Speaking Chinese: The chinese restaurant is closing soon) Bring about some local hooligans and thugs so Catch them at midnight when they close the shop up Reading the Ten Commandments, cooking up heckka Movie small posters are all over the walls If they think you'd save me the bullet, it's so over ya'll Me, I'm just Jin just doing my thang Just doing my thang, just doing my thang Why is there beef everywhere I go? I'm drunk skewing, can't we all get along My ladies with the thongs, my thugs with the firearms Ya'll gonna learn Chinese (Wyclef: all the ghetto) Ya'll gonna learn Chinese (Wyclef: all the suburb) Ya'll gonna learn Chinese  When the pumps come out, ya'll gon' speak Chinese. (Wyclef: Refugees) Ya'll gonna learn Chinese (Jin speaking Chinese: di lo) Ya'll gonna learn Chinese (Jin speaking Chinese: Hurry, get out of here) Ya'll gonna learn Chinese  When the pumps come out, ya'll gon' speak Chinese (Woman singing) [Hook] [Wyclef] The game will never be the same (Jin speaking Chinese: I already played the game) Double-R refugees (Jin speaking Chinese: Let's go home) First Chinese rapper First page rapper Refugees (Jin speaking Chinese: Chinatown) (Jin speaking Chinese: I already played the game) (Jin speaking Chinese: That's it) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Lil Wayne f/ Wyclef Jean Album: The Drought Is Over Pt. 4 Song: Operate On Me Typed by: dp2384@yahoo.com [Chorus: Wyclef Jean] They say opposites attract, so hear I am girl With my pistol in my pocket Hidden under right in my jockey, yeaaahhh They say opposites attract so here she is girl With the master of bachelor She just become a doctor [repeat 2X] Operate on me I need that open heart surgery cause the way my heart is feeling I can't make it through the night [Lil Wayne] Pocket full of money and some dark shades Flow so current he can start waves Game like butter he Parkay Love me some head like shortay's Coppin quarters like the arcades Getting high with my animals in our cage And you can see us if we start gaze Creole boy maybe I sauté On your mark, ready, start race That's just you making my heart race And I may be the opposite, but I'ma let cha operate, yeaah [Lil Wayne] And I know she wants the D-boy So I'ma pop on her like kee-loy And I got that magic like Bruce Leroy If this isn't it, then love got a a decoy Ger body sicker than retard And I bet I got the medicine she need for it And I bet I got the medicine to keep going She shoots me happiness and I bleed joy No band-aid for me boy I lost my love, yeah they girl got me weak for it Yeah I see you, and I see you, when I see you Girl you're the one can I be two And if your love is clear then I see through Then they yell clear and I'll pull through You save my life baby I will too Then they say The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: LL Cool J f/ Wyclef Jean Album: Exit 13 Song: Mr. President Typed by: Tha Lyricz Finisha [LL Cool J] Dear Mr. President, with all due respect Wish we could have a conversation I would take a trip down to your residence And we would talk about the state of the nation Mr. President, I would ask you about the war Really and truly, what is it for? When a I.E.D. make a soldier fall Is he dying for something above us all? Is it all about him at the end of the day Is a pledge of allegiance just something to say I hope not, cuz I love the U.S.A. Despite of all the drama we have today Mr. President are you aware? Our flesh and blood is dying over there When the coffins come back, do you care? When only the poor kids die, is it fair? [Chorus: Wyclef Jean] If I could talk to the President Would he pay attention, really listen? If I could talk real intelligent Would he beware and then change his position? Now is time, time, time For me to speak my mind, mind, mind [LL Cool J] Don't get me wrong, I respect the flag But it hurt to see a kid in a body bag He fought for his country with all he had Now he have a family without a dad With a mama crying, the kids is scared 9/11, why were we unprepared? Mr. President, are you aware? Unless you rich you have poor health care Makes you scream and wanna pull out your hair Discharged from hospitals as soon as you get there Mr. President, truth or dare Terrorists are hiding, and you know where Illegal immigrants are everywhere Is it really their fault, they wanted to come here I respect you, please be clear But talk with me, show the people you care [Wyclef Jean] What am I to do, have you wiggle any you Tell me something that I just make sense You sent us off to war, please be honest what it's for Does it matter if it's life or death? [LL Cool J] I'm not Republican or Democrat I'm independent and I want the facts When are the soldiers coming back? Are we prepared for a terror attack? Late at night I watch CNN It gets so bad, I might stop breathing The Middle East hates us, what's the reason? Mr. President, my heart is bleeding Tuck my kids in every evening Try to teach them to keep believing Hoping my government won't deceive them Tell 'em, touch your goals, you could achieve them Mr. President, I have to know If I die for you, what will I have to show Will it really and truly help our country go? I'm waiting for your answer, let me know [Chorus 2x] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Angie Martinez f/ Wyclef Jean Album: Up Close and Personal Song: Coast 2 Coast (Suavemente) * Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash * original and "Hip Hop Version" are the same [Wyclef Jean] Wyclef, chillin with Angie Live at Jimmy's, worldwide baby Azuuuu-car! [Chorus: Wyclef] Suavemente, be-sa-me Angie Martinez, can I get a date on Friday? Suavemente, just when I thought she'd say yes.. Yo, yo, that's when a kid pulled the tec and the whole crowd parted Why you fuckin up the party before it gets started? [Angie Martinez] Yo, yo, yo, yo it's Angie The way I flip it make you switch your shit to plan B And I'll be dipped out in the club lookin fancy And we ain't chillin too tough if you ain't family You mad at me man please I'm chillin low-key That's why I got my little hat on In the V.I.P. where everybody high fash-ion Gettin they mack on, thirsty fo' satisfaction And it's, bound to happen like latins goin platinum Now we, in it lookin for the big peso And my, song inspired by Elvis Crespo And we, gettin it started so baby let's go Nasty boys in the party singin, "Dale juebos!" Better, make it easy cause we livin suave Be bout the +Smooth Operators+ like Sade "Coast 2 Coast, New York to Chicago East L.A." [Angie Martinez] Funny how times flies when you gettin drunk (uh-huh) It's three A.M. and we still ain't had enough (uh-huh) Bout the time when everybody know whassup See them niggaz pushin up, now you know they wanna (WHAT?) See the big pop-pas chasin mu-cha-chas Whylin out, right right, be like ooh-la-la But they gets na-da, make me laugh ha-ha Like HA-HA-HA, HA-HA! They be, silly boys in brand new clothes (uh-ha) Actin up with nothin, puttin on shows (uh-ha) At the bar, frontin, strikin up a pose in cubic zircon's like nobody knows, but it's okay papi, I won't tell (uh-huh) If they don't know you might as well do your thang duh-dah-dah-duh-dah Pero suave yo! [Chorus] - 2X [Wyclef] Suavemente (uh-ha!).. (uh-huh) Suavemente (uh-ha!).. (uh-huh) Suavemente The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: M.O.P. f/ Wyclef Jean Album: M.O.P. Salutes the St. Marxmen Song: Hip Hop Cops Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [27 second concert skit to open] [Billy Danze] MOTHERFUCKER! [Wyclef Jean] Watch out for de hip-hop cops, AYYYYYYYYY! [Wyclef Jean] Watch out for de hip-hop cops, AYYYYYYYYY! [Wyclef Jean] Watch out for de hip-hop cops, AYY [Wyclef Jean] I was walkin down Flatbush AVVVVVE [Chorus: all together] Police in helicopters, dem a searchin for de gangsters Policeman in the streets, dem a search for dem toolies Stick up kids in the 'Ville, dem a run around with blue steel [Lil' Fame] + (Wyclef) But if you continue to fuck with my hood We gon' burn down the precinct (burn down the precinct) If you continue to fuck with my hood [Lil' Fame] We gon'... we gon' (burn down the precinct) Tear this whole... motherfuckin city apart From the suburbs to the gritties blocks Stop that ol' Bloomberg, bullshit Impeach the President, this is our residence So; people people, Mo. People Bring yo' niggaz bring yo' hammers bring yo' ammo Guard yo' family my nigga! Uh uh, this shit is crazy Fuck Private Ryan, yo' hood don't shame me Uhh, burn them motherfuckers 'til then Ashes to ashes, you bastards (Look at these assholes) Up in the wrong hood again (They just don't learn) Stuck in the wrong hood again (Yo' ass gon' burn) You lil' young-ass copper! You ain't heard? Niggaz walk around here with choppers Take yo' ass on back to St. Elsewhere They got, all the narcotics that you want, over there [Billy Danze] Excuse me Mr. Officer; let me see yo' hands Yo' license, yo' insurance, yo' registrations It seems we havin miscommunications Like it ain't enough bullshit I'm facin Besides you a rookie, it'll be more than a pleasure to book me A killer on the block with a glock never shook me And you won't search me unless I tell you you could This ain't One Police Plaza you lil' faggot, this the hood Now don't act up, cause if you act up I'ma act up, and you gon' need a lil' backup You make me wanna roll up, to Dunkin' Donuts With a AR-15 and take it to the extreme And steam through the motherfuckin glass And put a DA-DA-DA-DA-DA-DA-DA-DA-DENT IN YOUR BADGE You fuckin fag! Keep snoozin as you walkin the beat It's like dancin with the devil In the ghetto we got metal police [Chorus] - first line only [Wyclef Jean] For the hip-hop cops They said I changed, ever since I got the wealth I ain't changed, it's just hard battlin myself UHH, gyeah, I'm with them kids from Brownsville If your chain is heavy deep, man they so f'real Trust me - AYYYY - I was raised in the ghetto It gets spooky at night, I saw fiends talkin to they shadows Things done changed now I live in the meadows Cribs so big when I speak you can hear a echo But vanity is vanity (AY!) life in the Hamptons My F-1 McLaren can't fit in my {?} Smoke so much I can't get high no more I drink so much I can't get drunk no more What'chu know about my stress Mr. Officer, officer? What'chu know about my stress Mr. {*WOOP WOOP*} He told me he'd let me go if I'd play some Jimi Hendrix electric guitar, AYYYYYYYYY! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Mya f/ Beenie Man, Wyclef Jean Album: Fear of Flying Song: Lie Detector Typed by: Ghettofabulous98@hotmail.com [Mya](Wyclef Jean) (New millennium, pump this in your jeeps) Yo this is for all y'all out there That ever dealt with somebody (Pump this in your jeeps) Who be lying, faking Cheating, stealing Creeping, BS'ing (Pump this in your jeeps) I got this thing called the lie detector Two teaspoons and they're bound to tell the truth (Pump this in your jeeps) Listen [Mya] You told me That I was your fantasy yeah You said that We would practice monogamy So I became a freak under the sheets Put his ass to sleep Creeped into the kitchen Got the remedy It's called the lie detector I slipped it in his drink Brought it to his bedside And said take a sip of this and don't think You won't believe what happened When he sipped the lie detector Looked into his eyes Asked him where you been? He said it's no surprise Cause I've been with my ex girl Why ain't you tell me the truth? He said you don't wanna hear the truth Sometime I wish I never gave him a detector I thought he loved me but he loved her So I'm kind of glad he took the lie detector Now I know the truth so you can get the boot [Beenie Man] Man, God of to, God of to, God of to go Come and tie up you, tie up you, tie up you tongue Else, head ago, head ago, head ago roll When she finds out you and her friend lie down [Mya] She told you baby let's get married I'll always been faithful so let's spend eternity So he became a freak under the sheets Put her ass to sleep Creep into the kitchen got the remedy It's called the lie detector Slipped it in her drink Brought it to her bedside And said take a sip of this and don't think You won't believe what happened When he gave her the lie detector Looked at the pager number And said who's called sixty-nine? She said don't be surprise Cause 69's your best friend He looked and swallow his pride Frontin' like tough guys don't cry Sometimes he wish he never gave her a detector Thought she loved him, but she loved his best friend But now he's kind of glad she took the lie detector He found out the truth so he gave her the boot [Beenie Man] Look at all the women in the country It ain't my fault If the girls them want to love me True me make out of heat Why the girls them want to look at me True, me the girls them sugar Them girls them want to taste me Anyway, my life is sweet, my girl is neat But out on the street the girls are dropping at my feet Well my point of view the way I see it Without defeat love your girl, don't cheat From your lovin' girl is but a treat [Mya](Beenie Man) If you got any type of suspicion (Baby it's all up to your expectations) Make sure that it's real communication (The love I have for you is stronger than the foundation) Don't want to find yourself asking how did this happen (My heart is closed, my love is not open) Friday the thirteenth went to the movies (Baby love me up and get grooving, grooving) [Mya] You won't believe what happened When he sipped the lie detector Looked into his eyes Asked him where you been? He said it's no surprise Cause I've been with my ex girl Why ain't you tell me the truth? He said you don't wanna hear the truth Sometime I wish I never gave him a detector I thought he loved me but he loved her So I'm kind of glad he took the lie detector Now I know the truth so you can get the boot You won't believe what happened When he gave her the lie detector Looked at the pager number And said who's called sixty-nine? She said don't be surprise Cause 69's your best friend He looked and swallow his pride Frontin' like tough guys don't cry Sometimes he wish he never gave her a detector Thought she loved him, but she loved his best friend But now he's kind of glad she took the lie detector He found out the truth so he gave her the boot [Beenie Man] Man, God of to, God of to, God of to go Come and tie up you, tie up you, tie up you tongue Else, head ago, head ago, head ago roll When she finds out you and her friend lie down Man, God of to, God of to, God of to go Come and tie up you, tie up you, tie up you tongue Else, head ago, head ago, head ago roll When she finds out you and her friend lie down [Wyclef Jean] New millenium R&B meets the Caribbean About to take over the world The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Pacewon f/ Wyclef Jean Album: Won Song: It's Yours Typed by: OHHLA Webmaster DJ Flash [Pace] Yo, huh? .. What? [Jean] It's your/it's your/it's your - it's yours! [Pacewon] You have now entered the realm of the Pacewon zone Where the rudebwoys rule and the pussies run home or the shots that ring out, or the ass I done beat Niggaz don't wanna bring out the bad side of me I rolled on your set, you poets need practice MC's like rugs; I walk on these rappers Huh - heads or tails, I flip pennies Uptown buyin hydro with counterfeit twenties Soldier, take control of your body and your mind like yoga, play you like poker Black like Roker; cops press charges but my lawyer get me over - more blunts to roll up [Chorus: Wyclef Jean] The streets ain't safe at night (it ain't safe) The gangs come out at night (they come out) Stick-up kids get robbed tonight (you get robbed) The innocent get raped at night (innocent get raped) Even on Halloween; when the fiends come out with paper bags and tight jeans Askin for credit? You can forget it! North, South, East, West! ... Yo, put 'em up, put 'em up, put 'em up It's your/it's your/it's your - it's yours! [Pacewon] Pacewon in a rush ta, bust off loads Really with drugs, sendin +Thugs+ to the "Crossroads" Goin to war with my four-fifth and more clips than the ghetto got poor kids, welfare and orphans Top seeded; pissed like a boxer when his nose start bleedin, movin on heathens Lockin up BM's - me C and Ra three immortal rap beings, don't catch feelings Mr. Perfect, cause a disturbance like the Rodney King verdict Violent like your father when he drunk off bourbon Money sex and burners Before you walk the streets make sure you got insurance [Pacewon] Hey-a, praise-the, Pa-cer I-got, fatter bags of raps than your local 2-for-5 spot Wanna bust me but can't cause you Krusty like a clown from the Simpsons.. Kids like you go up in flames like instant, better stay distant Cash your chips in, or die like Richard Nixon Deep don't sleep as much as I need to Pacewon I stick to my guns like M.O.P. do Rap ciphers, graffiti, lighters Feel the packed pistols, love the Outsidaz The streets is on fire, rawness, flawless Kickin chumps dead in the chest like Chuck Norris Shoot at the beast, Crooked I to East Orange We ready to rock, my block the hardcorest Money and sex, drugs you better learn this Before you walk the streets make sure you got insurance [Wyclef] It's yours! It's your/it's your/it's your - it's yours! [Wyclef] It's yours! It's your/it's your/it's your - it's yours! [Wyclef] It's yours! It's your/it's your/it's your - it's yours! [Chorus] - to fade The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Product G&B f/ Wyclef Jean Album: The Sopranos SDTK. Song: Blood is Thicker Than Water Typed by: Zo_DraGoN@hotmail.com (Italian speaking) [Wyclef:] Yo, I'm rollin with the wise guys you don't wanna testify I thought it was a movie till they paid me off in jury duty I can't front the check came in handy cuz my baby mother stressin me like Edith did ARCHIE they welcomed me in the family bought me a Porsche and a crib out in JERSEY I told my moms she wasn't thrilled she told me they like mad lions son they shoot to KILL and leave yer body on the hill massacre similar to what happened in Amityville I'm sittin back with a fifth reminiscing on who I miss slidin the family stone in the cd disc Chorus-[The Product G&B] It's a family affair (X4) [G&B member 1] Blood is thicker than water The fans got me under pressure They say I might not see sunlight again Unless I snitch on my mans But I won't none dat oh no (Chorus) [G&B member 1] They want me to go undercover They want me to wear a wire too It'll neva happen Cuz I can't see Me goin' agianst my family tree It's a family affair (Chorus) [G&B member 1] By the time you get this letter I won't be enduring good health, ma I never meant to hurt you I never meant to do you wrong [G&B member 2] I know you raised me In the ways of rightesnous And this is gonna be the last time I do a bit [Wyclef] I WANT OUT NOW He laughed and said, "Please hee hee You can check out but you can't leave I'll cut you up in so many pieces 'Clef That even if I sent your mom the instruction She couldn't put you back together" ?4-5 ways to be circumsized? Times stand still when the murders on the rise Any last words Give my regard to Tony Soprano (Chorus X2) [Wyclef] Refugee Camp Wyclef, Jerry Wonder Ghetto and Blues Product New Millenium Come on, come on, come on The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: The Product G&B f/ Wyclef Jean Album: Cluck Cluck 12" Song: Cluck Cluck Typed by: nasesco120@hiphopaudio.com [G talking] Excuse me I got an announcement to make Yo, if you ain't never been to Hempstead Then welcome, where chickens cluck cluck day and night G&B [G] I see these chickens getting bizzy all up in my cage I'm about to pluck two weeks I'm up in my pay Cluck, cluck, bodies rocking all up in my crib Anybody want to know, the party's still sick Somebodies knocking, knocking, knocking at my door The same chick that you slept with She played my minutes coming home from my bed She said after tonight she got to be with the kids The kids, the kids, the kids, kids, kids I don't want to cause you compications I just want one night of satisfaction After tomarrow we can act like nothing happened Take this invitation With the metro card at the train station She said I do I, do I, do I what She said I do, I do cluck, cluck She said I do, I do, I do I what She said I do, I do cluck cluck [B] I'm about to pluck two weeks I'm up in my pay Cluck, cluck, bodies rocking all up in my crib Anybody want to know, the party's still sick Somebodies knocking, knocking, knocking at my door The same chick that you slept with She played my minutes coming home from my bed She said after tonight she got to be with the kids The kids, the kids, the kids, kids, kids I don't want to force you to stay If you don't want to stay I just want to thank you girl for making my day But just in case you change your mind I got a kingsize bed with a bottle of wine I'm bad for really, because I knew she was comin And I didn't want to waste my time She said I do I, do I, do I what She said I do, I do cluck, cluck She said I do, I do, I do I what She said I do, I do cluck cluck [Wyclef Jean] Yo it's the innovator In twenty years I'll be among the greats Came in grimy Now all my dogs are telling me So all the cluckers want to know if I'm going to front them When I flip out and turn into the werewolf of London You all can't get no money even if you gave me money You dig? It's the iceberg slim philosophy Wyclef, G&B up in your area So many chickens fighting It looks like riots in Africa [G] I see these chickens getting bizzy all up in my cage I'm about to pluck two weeks I'm up in my pay Cluck, cluck, bodies rocking all up in my crib Anybody want to know, the party's still sick Somebodies knocking, knocking, knocking at my door The same chick that you slept with She played my minutes coming home from my bed She said after tonight she got to be with the kids I see these chickens getting bizzy all up in my cage I'm about to pluck two weeks I'm up in my pay Cluck, cluck, bodies rocking all up in my crib Anybody want to know, the party's still sick Somebodies knocking, knocking, knocking at my door The same chick that you slept with She played my minutes coming home from my bed She said after tonight she got to be with the kids The kids, the kids, the kids, kids, kids [B talking] Yo, I told you Official jump off Yo, Deaf Records [Wyclef talking] Wyclef check you up in the morning Come on and come on (Chorus fades) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Santana f/ Product, Wyclef Jean Album: Supernatural Song: Maria Maria Typed by: notorious70@hotmail.com [Product] 1-	Ho Maria Maria, 	She reminds me of a west side story, 	Growing up in Spanish Harlem, 	She’s living her life just like a movie star, 2-	Ho Maria Maria 	She fell in love in East L.A. 	To the sounds of the guitar, yeah, yeah 	Played by Carlos Santana [Wyclef] Stop the looting, stop the shooting, Pick pocking on the corner, See as the rich is getting richer, The poor is getting poorer 3-	Se mira Maria on the corner, 	Thinking of ways to make it better,   	In my mailbox there's an eviction letter, 	Somebody just said see you later [Santana] 4-	Ahora vengo mama chola mama chola, 	Ahora vengo mama chola Repeat 4 I said a la favella los colores, The streets are getting hotter, There is no water to put out the fire, Mi canto la esperanza Repeat 1 Repeat 2 Repeat 3 Repeat 4 Maria you know you're my lover, When the wind blows I can feel you, Through the weather and even when we're apart, It feels like we're together. The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Shakira f/ Wyclef Jean Album: Oral Fixtion Vol. 1 Song: Hips Don't Lie Typed by: kirenamloh@msn.com [Wyclef Jean] Ladies up in here tonight No fightin.. No fightin.. We got the Refugees up in here.. No fightin... No fightin...(Shakira, Shakira) [Hook: Wyclef Jean] I never really knew that she could dance like this She makes a man wants to speak Spanish Como se llama (SI!) Bonita (SI!) mi casa (Shakira, Shakira) su casa [Shakira] Oh baby when you talk like that You make, a woman go mad So be wise, and keep on Reading the signs of my body Ah, I'm on tonight You know my hips don't lie And I'm starting to feel it's right All the attraction, the tension Don't you see baby, this is perfection [Wyclef Jean] Hey Girl, I can see your body moving and it's driving me crazy And I, didn't have the slightest idea Until I saw you dancing And when you walk up on the dance floor Nobody cannot ignore, the way you move your body, girl And everything so unexpected, the way you right and left it So you can keep on shaking it [Hook: Wyclef Jean] I never really knew that she could dance like this She makes a man wants to speak Spanish Como se llama (SI!) Bonita (SI!) mi casa (Shakira, Shakira) su casa [Shakira] Oh baby when you talk like that You make, a woman go mad So be wise, and keep on Reading the signs of my body Ah, I'm on tonight You know my hips don't lie And I'm starting to feel it's right All the attraction, the tension Don't you see baby, asi es perfection Oh I know I am on tonight my hips don't lie And I am starting to feel it's right All the attraction, the tension Don't you see baby, this is perfection [Shakira] Oh boy, I can see your body moving Half-animal, half-man I don't, don't really know what I'm doing but you seem to have a plan My will and self-restraint Have come, to fail now, fail now See, I am doing what I can, but I can't so you know That's a bit too hard to explain [Break - Wyclef, then Shakira with him] Baila en la calle, de noche Baila en la calle, de día Baila en la calle, de noche Baila en la calle, de día [Hook: Wyclef Jean] I never really knew that she could dance like this She makes a man wants to speak Spanish Como se llama (SI!) Bonita (SI!) mi casa (Shakira, Shakira) su casa [Shakira] Oh baby when you talk like that You know, you got me hypnotized So be wise, and keep on Reading the signs of my body [Wyclef Jean] Senorita, feel the conga Let me see you move like you come from Colombia Mira en Barranquilla se baila así, say it! Mira en Barranquilla se baila así [Rap verse] Yeah, she's so sexy every man's fantasy A Refugee like me back with the Fugees from a Third World country I go back like when 'Pac carried crates for Humpty Humpty, I need a whole club dizzy Why the CIA wanna watch us? Colombians and Haitians, I ain't guilty, it's a musical transaction No more do we snatch ropes Refugees run the seas, 'cause we own our own boats I'm on tonight, my hips don't lie And I'm starting to feel you boy Come on let's go, real slow Baby, like this is perfecto Oh, you know I am on tonight and my hips don't lie And I am starting to feel it's right The attraction, the tension Baby, like this is perfection [Wyclef] No fightin.. [Shakira] No fighting Artist: Yumi Shizukusa f/ Wyclef Jean Album: II Song: I'm In Love Typed by: corichan.com (Japanese), no1wammy@hotmail.com [Wyclef Jean] Shake this Yumi Sit back Holla So it's a family affair from Japan to the N.Y.C You on the floor Get ya dance on You by the bar, yeah Get ya sake on [Yumi Shizukusa] Wasurete shimau no Toki wo I'm in love [Wyclef Jean] Yo, I dunno what you're saying, but I love how you playing With my hair, when we laying and we looking at the ceiling, whoa [Yumi Shizukusa] Dakishimete Ite Making love [Wyclef Jean] I'm Romeo, you're Juliet If you're Bonnie, I'm Clyde Girl, let your hair out, full throttle tonight, we gone ride [Yumi Shizukusa] Kimi to Deatte Watashi wa Kawatta shinjiau Koto de Konna ni Tsuyoku Nareru Nante Shiranakatta Ashita mo Asatte mo Shinjisasete I'm in love Sweet, sweet love [Yumi Shizukusa] Ippun, ichibyou Motto Soba ni Itai Datte Attoiuma ni Sugichau jikan Suteki na Kanshoku Ashita mo Asatte mo Kanjisaste I'm in love Sweet, sweet love [Chorus] - 2X [Bridge: Yumi Shizukusa] Anata no Kisu ga nai to Kyou wa Hajimaranai [Chorus] - 2X [Yumi Shizukusa] Yeah Ciao The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Wyclef Jean Album: T.I. vs. T.I.P. Song: My Swag Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Intro: T.I.] You gotta get your swagger together nigga (ay) Get your suit fitted (ay) Starts on the inside, ya dig? I don't need mine, I got cribs where we goin (okay) If you don't love yourself you can't love nobody Keep up nigga (okay) I love myself You gon' need to travel ladies, you go and got that mack diesel right [T.I.] I'm the man from Atlanta, to way out in Cali Catch me in New York, I'm on the way to Miami I be in Hawaii, then catch me in Paris I be at home barely, I'll sleep when I'm buried What I need some sleep for? This dope got me geeked up I went to Japan and made a mil' in a week bruh These niggaz can't keep up cause they see me in London Or out in Ibiza, that time I ain't sleep for Bout three days maybe, you see me in Haiti With Wyclef Jean and a selection of ladies But my folk got that work in like they back in the 80's See the money's what move me, conversation don't phase me [Chorus: Wyclef Jean] + (T.I.) (Tell 'em why cause I) Been around the worrrrrld Traveled the seven seas (and I be) Poppin bottles with celebrities (so you can find me) Flyin high, smokin better trees (ay, oh-ay-ay) Girls around the worrrrrld (yo, yo) They keep callin me (they call me) Paparazzi they be follow me (they all be) Hopin that they get a shot of me It's my swaaaaag (they wonder what's so special 'bout him) (Why they ain't sellin records like him, tell 'em) It's my swaaaaag (how he always look so cool) (That why e'rybody do what he do, tell 'em) Gotta be my swaaaaag (they wonder why he wear his hat like that) (When girls see him why they act like that, ay, I don't know) It's my swaaaaag (for some reason all the real niggaz love him) (Even though they girlfriend wanna fuck him, I guess) Gotta be my swaaaaag [T.I.] Gettin money in Frisco, wearin my raincoat See I'm gettin wet, and this bitch in the same boat I came in the game slow, they act like they ain't know that I wasn't gon' leave until I got what I came fo' I still can't complain though, as long as I ain't broke I came a long way but shawty ain't nuttin changed though I still let the tool go, don't get it confused bro Run up on me wrong, now what you think I'ma do bro? Send you to your maker, then go to Jamaica Or either to Cabo, I chill at my condo My swagger is perfect, hatin on me ain't worth it Guarantee you boy, the Earth my turf, if it hurts [T.I.] Regardless what haters say I'm as real as they come I'm chasin that paper baby however it come I'm singin a song and movin yay by the ton I bet you never seen a nigga gettin money so young How I get from the pen', all the way to Berlin I've been to Switzerland skiing and pimp I'm goin again It ain't nuttin to catch me in the south of France In a coffee shop smokin dro in Amsterdam And ain't nuttin to fly, all the way to Dubai St. Barts, St. Lucia, any day we can try G-5 to Moscow and they say I'ma lie I'ma ball like a dog 'til the day that I die [Chorus] w/ ad libs [Outro: T.I.] This is impeccable pimpin You couldn't duplicate this shit if I told you how to man Hahhh, y'all niggaz keep up By the time you get to Puerto Rico my nigga I'll be in Cuba By the time you get to Cuba I'll be in Haiti By the time you get to Haiti I'll be way over in Africa man Y'knowmsayin? South of France in my land man The Earth's my turf my nigga {*fades out*} The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: T.I. f/ Wyclef Jean Album: T.I. vs. T.I.P. Song: You Know What it Is Typed by: Nickolye16@aol.com [Intro: Wyclef Jean] + (T.I.) Ay boy, don't spill my drink boy, ba-lip! Now listen (Grand Hustle homie) Everybody report to the bloodclaat dance floor (ay, ay, ay, ay) Wyclef, "All Hands on Deck" – you love the beat? (Boy you know what it is, ay, ay, ay, ay, ay) Yo Tip, talk to me bloodclaat [Chorus: T.I.] I'm a real nigga homie, throw six figures on me Got a pistol you don't want it, boy you what what it is Ay, I'm way flyer, my pay's way higher If they ever mention sire boy you know what it is I got that drama, you don't want no problems Dial up that llama, boy you know what it is Ay, I get money, all I count is big money Dick is all she get from me, boy you know what is Ay, ay, ay, ay, ay, ay - boy you know what it is nigga [Wyclef] Yo T.I.P., let them likkle rap boys know how you livin [Verse One: T.I.] The wait is over, here we go again, I'm back into play Gon' sell another couple mil' and take it back to the A Gon' take that other couple mil' and put it back in the safe Five cash for the crib on the back of the lake I'm up in Crucial two-steppin with the gat in the waist T.I. ain't in the street no mo', fo'-fo', is that what they say? Don't even try him when you see him boy you have to be great Cause this pistol hit you in your face, your teeth they'll have to replace That's if you lucky nigga trust me, it don't hurt me to take 100 thousand to them Haitians you'll be murdered today, nigga [Wyclef] Yo T.I.P. some boys wan' playa hate Let them know who the King of the South is, talk to them! [Verse Two: T.I.] Well they sweatin when they see me, I'm apparently hot Had the album of the year nigga, Grammy or not Remember, all day I used to stay in the spot With two revolvers in my pocket, pitch a hand of that rock And now, chart toppin, ain't a car I ain't got I'm the number one customer at my own car lot You wanna know how much I'm makin, just imagine a lot You know I'm probably gettin more that you'd imagined I got Listen close, I need to know if you understand me or not Because you disrespectin me, you and your man'll be shot [Wyclef] Why y'all take shot, cause I'm movin? We'll pop you in your chest boy [Verse Three: T.I.] Well from the King of the South to the King of the States Ridin in a car you probably never seen in the states No idea how much yay I can bring in the states Hey you can get a hundred on 'em for a million today Frank Lucas ain't the only one who made a million a day But it's a American gangsta right here in your face And you don't wanna see P$C on the scene with a K You think you runnin up and robbin, that ain't even the case And just because you get away, that don't mean it's okay You a dead man walkin and I mean it, okay? Hey [Outro: Wyclef Jean] + (T.I.) Some of them boys wan' talk 'bout they have done They guns sound like popcorn, ya When the King of the South (boy you know what it is) Get with the King of Haiti, big up Jamaica Expect this (boy you know what it is) Bloodclaat gorillas a-come out (hahhh, ay, boy you know what it is) And when that fire don't pop, come and gone We have big LONG machine guns then And when we pull them back (choppers'll hang you) BLAP, BLAP, BLAP, BLAP! Bap-bap-bap-bap-bap! You like the beat? (hahhh, they better) We can sell you one y'know (well bop ya head then, okay) Yo big up to Haiti! (hey!) I'm the king, all the way to the ATL (Bankhead, okay) Yo big up the whole South, East West North (Grand Hustle homie) Yo London! Japan (HEY) yeah (P$C) Yo Tip, respect (hahhh, yeah) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Timbaland & Magoo f/ Wyclef Jean Album: Under Construction Part II Song: Hold On Typed by: PDog1217@aol.com [Intro - Timbaland - talking] Oh! You know what? (Wyclef: good good good) I go through a lot, since my baby girl's not here Life ain't been the same for me Lately I miss you very much I want you to hear my pain that I go through (go through ...) [Verse 1 - Timbaland] + (Wyclef Jean) It's been three years (AH!), livin this fast life I think on it, I know one day I won't have life People don't know me over the time B They don't wanna know me, they wanna know my G's Le I quit, things ain't the same no more But I'ma do my thing 'til there ain't no more (yeah) I got a plan, I wonder how far I can go I demand the best for myself, that's all I know I, done seen the world become Products of a revolution that we begun (yeah) Make me wanna split a swisher, I need me one They keep on copying what we done done That's why I say .. [Break - Timbaland] I know you like my shoes, cause you walk in my shoes And would you be prepared to see (would ya?) A life full of money and a life full of girls But a heart that's really in deep (feel my pain) A lot of people yellin ("we love ya Timbaland") But I know y'all really in need (ooo) I don't know who's in my corner, don't know where is my corner But I gotta grab all these leaves So I must .. [Chorus - Wyclef Jean] Hey, Timbaland you gotta hold on (hold on) But you got to be strong Though the pain almost over (Timbaland: My pain almost over) Look towards the sky, there's only one Jehovah (Timbaland: I can't quit yet), you can't quit You gotta hold on, you got to be strong (Timbaland: Uh, my pain almost over) Look towards the sky, there's only one Jehovah [Verse 2 - Magoo] + (Wyclef Jean) Pain, can't you see the pain in my eyes? The lie behind my cries, don't you sympathize with me You don't have to wonder when I come You label me a bum, you fake it ain't suprisin me (yeah) Funny how Oo got money, people come around Soon as Oo fail, kick 'em to the ground (yeah) Not just neighbors, the whole damn town Own flesh and blood, said I was a clown But as the world turns, my life can too And like a gun kills, a knife can too (yeah) I was stabbed thrice, how 'bout you? Once by my mom, pops the other two Child abuse kid, ward of the state I know it was the past, but I just can't shake How you had a kid, beat me like a slave I was only three, how could I misbehave? I didn't know better, you could teach me first You said fuck that, then you beat me worse It's pain in this verse, hard to go on (yeah) Oo is a man, so I must hold on [Break - Timbaland] I know you like my shoes, cause you walk in my shoes And would you be prepared to see (would ya?) (Wyclef: yeah) A life full of money and a life full of girls But a heart that's really in deep (feel my pain) A lot of people yellin ("we love ya Maganoo") But I know y'all really in need (ooo) I don't know who's in my corner, don't know where is my corner (Wyclef: yeah) But I gotta grab all these leaves, uh huh So I must .. [Chorus - Wyclef Jean] You gotta hold on (hold on) But you got to be strong Though the pain almost over (Timbaland: my pain almost over) Look towards the sky, there's only one Jehovah (Timbaland: I can't quit yet), can't quit You gotta hold on (yeah) You got to be strong (yeah) (Timbaland: my pain almost over) Yeah, look towards the sky, there's only one Jehovah (yeah) [Verse 3 - Wyclef Jean] Yeah, yo, I seen Brooklyn turn into Crook-lyn The youngn's they spend their life in central Crook-lyn (yeah) I've seen prom queens, turn into prom fiends Sometime I ask myself what happen to Dr. King's "Dream" (yeah) I've seen best friends, turn to enemies What made it sad, I had to sing at the eulogy So hard for us to say goodbye So I puff the lye and stay high (yeah) The man you said was your fam in the park (yeah) Saw your face spark when you found out he was a Narc (yeah) Cause everybody wanna be Nino Brown They wanna be Nino Brown, they wanna be Nino Brown (yeah) And the girls they love the Nino Brown They hug they Nino Brown, they lust for Nino Brown (yeah) And the fiends they want the Nino Brown The way he hold you down, when he comes around (yeah) (*echo*) [Outro - Timbland - talking] The pain never stops baby Lele, I hope ya hear us Cause life will never be the same without you girl (Wyclef: yeah) Timbaland talkin to you (Wyclef: yeah, yo, yo) We ain't used to nothin This music industry, will never be the same without you Nothin but pain, hard struggle But me and Jimmy D, we're gonna keep ridin for ya Cause life must go on You must live on So we gotta hold on, c'mon (Hold on) uh, (hold on) My pain almost over (hold on, hold on) I can't quit yet (hold on, hold on) My pain almost over (hold on, hold on) Nah Lele, me and 'Goo we can't quit, OH! The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Uncle Murda f/ Mavado, Wyclef Jean Album: Informer 12" Song: Informer Typed by: Gemini_20502K@Yahoo.com [Intro: Wyclef Jean] (*Uncle Murda) Everybody duck down (Uncle Murda in the area) (*East New York!!!) Everybody duck down (Wyclef in the area) Everybody duck down (Uncle Murda!!!!) I bring the guns, your girl bring the roses, tonight I bring the guns, your girl bring the roses, yeah!!!!!!!! [Chorus: Wyclef Jean] (Uncle Murda) Trigger happy them boys are trigger happy whoa (Trigger happy them boys are trigger happy oh) Trigger happy them boys are trigger happy whoa (Keep your mouth closed or get hit up) Informers! What we gonna do when we see them?! Send them to the place where there be no breathin Run and get sleep, eyes stay shut in the belly of the beast Informers! What we gonna do when we spot them?! Send them to the place where they be forgotten Flesh get rotten, whoa!!! Out there in Brooklyn [Verse 1: Uncle Murda] You know we don't play (Bang!!!) If he rattin, the K 'gon clap him (Bang!) I ain't sayin nothin to the police captain Call me Stevie Wonder I ain't seen what happened Call me the new B.I.G. call me the new Pac If you see me poppin off just don't call the cops Didn't your mother say don't tattletale?! Now you dead she don't know if your in heaven or hell (Where you at!!!!?) And now you can't take that back Cause I put the chopper in your face and let it go BRRRRAAAPPPP!!! (Hit 'em up!!!!) And I don't feel bad about what happened Bloodclaat pussyhole him a rat bastard!!!!!!!!! [Chorus: Wyclef Jean] (Uncle Murda) Trigger happy them boys are trigger happy whoa (Trigger happy them boys are trigger happy oh) Trigger happy them boys are trigger happy whoa (Keep your mouth closed or get hit up) Informers! What we gonna do when we see them?! Send them to the place where there be no breathin Run and get sleep, eyes stay shut in the belly of the beast Informers! What we gonna do when we spot them?! Send them to the place where they be forgotten Flesh get rotten! Mavado why don't you talk to the snitches! [Verse 2: Mavado] (Uncle Murda & Wyclef Jean Yellin in the background) (*Uncle Murda) Mi seh mi don't like informa (NO!!!!) Because dem always try to sell mi out mi a hustle pon di corna Sellin marijuana (NO!!!!) Dem nuh waan fi see mi rich fi go stand inna grey suit fi charma Mi don't like informa (NO!!!!) Gangsta for life! Dat's why we don't like informa We don't like informa (NO!!!!) We don't like informa, I warn to dem!!! Hey!!! Wyclef from Haiti, mi from Jamaica Nineties, Brooklyn, big up Uncle Murda Man nuh squeeze trigga wid some guns some bwoy nuh heard of Shot bite yuh face like burna (*Uh!!!) [Chorus: Wyclef Jean] (Uncle Murda) Trigger happy them boys are trigger happy whoa (Trigger happy them boys are trigger happy oh) Trigger happy them boys are trigger happy whoa (Keep your mouth closed or get hit up) Informers! What we gonna do when we see them?! Send them to the place where there be no breathin Run and get sleep, eyes stay shut in the belly of the beast Informers! What we gonna do when we spot them?! Send them to the place where they be forgotten Flesh get rotten, whoa!!! Out there in Brooklyn [Bridge: Uncle Murda] (Mavado) I'm a gettin money! (Gangsta for life!) I'm a gettin money! (Gangsta for life!) I'm a gettin money! (Gangsta for life!) GMG! (I warn to dem!!! Hey!!!) [Verse 3: Uncle Murda] Ain't that somethin?! Homey told on junior and then your girl in your bed humpin (They humpin!) That's why she ain't visit you She was givin your stuff away to dude that snitched on you (AWWWWWWW!!!!!!!!) She wasn't pickin up the phone (She wasn't) Shorty thought you wasn't never comin home (Ever ever?!) She don't know you out on bail You got the word somebody put you on that you was in jail (You know what's goin on?) So you open up the door to your house You hear all this screamin that's dude blowin her back out Go to the bedroom and get him up off her Put a bullet hole in that battybwoy informer (Bang!!!) [Chorus: Wyclef Jean] (Uncle Murda) Trigger happy them boys are trigger happy whoa (Trigger happy them boys are trigger happy oh) Trigger happy them boys are trigger happy whoa (Keep your mouth closed or get hit up) Informers! What we gonna do when we see them?! Send them to the place where there be no breathin Run and get sleep, eyes stay shut in the belly of the beast Informers! What we gonna do when we spot them?! Send them to the place where they be forgotten Flesh get rotten, whoa!!! Out there in Brooklyn Outro: Uncle Murda] (Mavado) I'm a gettin money! (Gangsta for life!) I'm a gettin money! (Gangsta for life!) I'm a gettin money! (Gangsta for life!) GMG! (I warn to dem!!! Hey!!!) I'm a gettin money! (Gangsta for life!) I'm a gettin money! (Gangsta for life!) I'm a gettin money! (Gangsta for life!) GMG! (I warn to dem!!! Hey!!!) The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Ying Yang Twins f/ Wyclef Jean Album: Chemically Imbalanced Song: Dangerous Typed by: jpeffer12@yahoo.com * * send corrections to the typist Wyclef  Collipark Lets Go  I like the  the way she dance  she take the thug  put them in the trance  She shake the  like an avalanche  Look into her eyes  And you taking the chance  I see the fire in her eyes  Fire in her eyes  The way she moves  She got the fire in her eyes  Fire on her waist  Fire in her thighs  I love the scandal  She so dangerous (dangerous)  She's so dangerous (dangerous)  She's so scandolous (scandolous)  I love the scandal  Hear me sing  Wohoo Hear she comes  Watch out boy she'll chew you up  She's dangerous (dangerous)  Dangerous (dangerous)  I love the scandal  She's fine She's fine  She heals She mine  Black barbie  I'm ken  She got hundred men and boosting?  I ain't really trying to let you in  But you can spend your Benjamins  Make no mistake bout it she your friend  Pisses all about differences  Wait she like to play games  And she don't care who she play wit'  She do what she do  And she gon' get what she gon' get  She hit the strip club  And she gon' make her money quick  Shake it  Down the pole  And make beleive the normal beat (?)  I like the way  the way she dance  She take the thug  Put 'em in a trance  She shake the  Like an avalanche  Lookin to her eyes  And you takin' a chance  I see the fire in her eyes  Fire in here eyes  The way she moves  She got the fire in her eyes  Fire on her waist  Fire on her thighs  I love the scandal  She's so dangerous (dangerous)  She's so dangerous (dangerous)  She's so scandolous (scandolous)  I love the scandal  Hear me sing  Woohoo hear she ocmes  Watch out boys  She'll chew you up  She's dangerous (dangerous)  She's dangerous (dangerous)  I love the scandal  You call your momma  Lemme see your move  dirty dancing all in the nude  Get crunkish (?)  She about 5 to 6  So I spend the money to see it  I love them girls that belly dance  Drop it down low  And shake that  like whoa  Shorty look like her ma  Remind me of a coke cola bottle  She a bad problem  With her mind on the riches  So bad she pimp him  All about that mighty dollah, yeah  Trying to rip what she ain't gonna hollah  Send for the fry (?)  She gon' get it  Then you go high  She'll get it  Tell 'em why  She already did it  Oh boy (?)  Allright rotate em DJ  Black baby  Ramalam  Whoa Black baby  Ramalam  [x3] Yeah Black baby  Ramalam  [x4] Wow Black Baby  Ramalam  [x4] The Original Hip-Hop (Rap) Lyrics Archive   Back to the previous page  Artist: Youssou N'Dour f/ Wyclef Jean Album: Joko - From Village to Town Song: How Come * Typed by: rta@gmx.li * differs from "Bulworth" soundtrack version - no raps by Canibus [Intro - Wyclef]: Here come the drums This is Wyclef I'm a go to Senegal, pick up Youssou N'Dour And this is what he told me when I picked him up [Chorus - Youssou with Wyclef]: How come ? Ho-ow Ho-ow come ? (Here come the drums) (Thugs wanna disrespect me in the clubs, how come ?) How come ? Ho-ow Ho-ow come ? (Here come the drums) (Shootouts over chickenheads, how come ?) How come ? Ho-ow Ho-ow come ? (Here we go) [Verse 1 - Wyclef] Yo! I won the lotto, check out the lingo Me and my micro, more chips than bingo You still eso eso, your cool got no ammo I'm not a communist but I get guns from Castro Whether in trio or rockin' solo Give up my chain cause you thought I was dolo Oh, oh! He about to be zero Send 'em back to Rio Underground like Barbido Played that kid out like Michael's brother Tito And lay low in Cuba with the lady speaking espano So Cococabana who am I on my scanner My grammar-slammer any crew's who choose to do So how come ? [Chorus - Youssou with Wyclef] How come ? Ho-ow Ho-ow come ? (How come I gotta wake up early to go to work ?) How come ? Ho-ow Ho-ow come ? (The boss is still paying me little money) [Verse 2 - Wyclef] For your girl, she's buff puff And daytime no play rough Freaks come out at night So that's when I bring out the cuff Grandma yeah, cd player no. 2 Sade's in my bedroom singing "sweetest taboo" Thugs lookin' at me saying 'Clef don't bite your lips Freak the girl shit, when was the last time you unloaded a click Casinos and rockets Sort of say hatchet Just dressed as a waitress to get in your banquet Can I take your order, You keep me to the shade Compliments to the chef Fettucini and hand grenade Your eyes are hard, fall to the floor I hear weeping, I pick up your heart Squeeze it while it's still beating How come ? [Chorus - Youssou with Wyclef] How come ? Ho-ow Ho-ow come ? (How come you're not breathing now ?) How come ? Ho-ow Ho-ow come ? (How come we don't chill out on the violance ?) How come ? Ho-ow Ho-ow come ? (I'm a gonna take you to Senegal for a second) (In case you know nothing about it) (Check the culture) (Yo Youssou tell'em something man) How come ? Ho-ow Ho-ow come ? (I'm feeling you kid, I'm feeling you) How come ? Ho-ow Ho-ow come ? (How come the record company's always stressing me ?) How come ? Ho-ow Ho-ow come ? (How come my grandmother's still on welfare ?) How come ? Ho-ow Ho-ow come ? (How come whatever) [Chorus fading out - Wyclef] Yo '98 for the heavy weight Wyclef Jean and Youssou N'Dour You know what I mean? Now I'm going back to some America type o' shit And I'm out 